Diary of Lucifer


	Now the whole of all the scriptures written that are not to be added to the Bible, are given to Nathan Unsworth, being the businessman who is given ownership of all the scriptures that he is given The Diary of Lucifer and Notes from Salem and this book as well, that they are his entirely, him being an artist and businessman entrusted with these things, that he did not pay for them but was given them freely, than this is a man who is polish in ethnicity, being entirely polish, who is given all the scriptures of the Emperor of Salem, who is the angel, and all the scriptures of the angel. Now the businessman's name is Nathan Brian Barrie Unsworth, born in Edmonton, Alberta, student of Humber College, citizen of Canada, son of an Unsworth and Barrie, student of Cayuga Secondary School, resident of Hannah, Selkirk, Haldimand-Norfolk, Calgary, Toronto, and Hamilton all in Ontario except for Calgary and Hannah, Alberta. Now the prior is the order of his residences, that he was a child in Hannah, and moved to Ontario at approximately the age of five. His email address is unsworthnathan@gmail.com. He does not support or condone nor condemn any of the writings in The Diary of Lucifer, Notes from Salem, or this book called The Other World.

Diary Section Five 

The need to write a introduction for this section has to do with what might be unprecedented in society, which is where the confusion of the time has become so intense that people are no longer able to process simple things that are put forth as being cool, and popular, when they are in fact consisting of jealousy, cowardice, weasel-like behaviour, and a general lacking of substance that manifests itself into envy from those who are jealous, and when these things are combined with a false righteousness, the sheer amount of disgust and confusion, allows these people to present themselves as being the popular, righteous, cool people that they are most certainly not, also due to the confusion of the age. It is the sheer amount of anti-virtues and wrongs in a person that make these people so difficult to separate from those who are actually lions, actually strong, where these cowards and weasels, full of bitter envy, are often attempting to slay the cool and popular with guile by means of supporting adultery against them, supporting slander, supporting weasels and cowardice, and doing so as if they are strong, the lions, being a mockery of what the strong and popular are. This reminds me of the father of equality and mercy, who is not having a kingship and so gathers up who he can to follow him.
	The need to add to the vocabulary of cognitive ability comes from the cognitive impairments that society has created in terms of things that should be easily understood by those of Zion that they might not have to waste time processing and understanding the perverse and wicked bullying tactics of those who are the devil's. There is nothing cool and popular about slaying the cool and popular with guile in any way, and the cowards and unpopular, indeed the jelous and lacking cowards, who are envious and do not have what another has, representing themselves as being the cool and popular people, is something that has emerged to be more prevalent in society, adding to the confusion of the time. The cool know what is not cool. This is a maxum that society would do well to remember, and slaying lions, being a 'lion killer' who slays lions with guile, is not a cool and popular pursuit, but is indeed the hobby and source of joy for cowards.

1. Adultery is not desiring to hurt but is the giving into temptation or for leaving a person.
2. Adultery that desires to hurt, is not adultery anymore but is belonging in the realm of hell as a those who wish to injure the spirit, essentially a perversity of sycophants and cult devil-worshippers made up of sociopaths who lack a spirit and substance within themselves, being void and empty sociopaths who desire to hurt and injure in a brutal and extreme way that partners with the devil. This is called devil's slaying.
3.  Devil's slaying is beyond the realm of people, and is beyond the realm of retaliation, for it goes against oneself and one's own cause and cause of wrongs incurred, and is anti-all-human, being against all people, as an act of the devil against all that is good. Devil's slaying draws the line between beasts from hell, and humans, those who are one of the people, that those who support devil's slaying, are in fact then understood to be cowards and rebellious against themselves and against lions and against all of humanity, essentially imposters among us.

The fact that those who rejoice in devil's slaying are the INCEL people, the bitter, lacking, incompetent, ugly, unpopular, corrupt people who are rebellious against themselves, even, and against those who are lions, should not be surprising, as these are the devil's people, having the devil as their lord, and they are not one of the humans, the actual people, who are for truth, at least, in what occurs. The person who rejoices in bad things happening to another that are outside of the realm of what justice can be, is rejoicing against themselves, as those who proffess that they have nothing and are not one of the people, but are the devil's people, with the devil as their lord. This is the way also, of the INCEL, and the INCEL are rejoicing in these things who are sycophantic and rebellious against themselves and sycophantic towards others. Also the concept of animal morality, that does not perceive the sentience of humans and the recompense of humans indicates that a person does not conform to the understanding of people. Thereby slaves and animals who are free and not yet enslaved are rejoicing at the misfortune of a person who is worthy to be a slave owner, and these who rejoice are those below the Earth, not even on land, but existing in a level of hell. Now people are to place the yoke on them, and enslave them, as these have been given to be enslaved, for even if most of the people are animals who are to be enslaved, yet the remnant of people is gathered together to be a remnant, that the Earth has been over-run with animals and a remnant remains of people. Now the jealousy and bitter envy of the animals is disturbing, and it is even of Sodom, and Sodom and Egypt, that the animals must be kept separate from the people, who rejoice in what is a sign of righteousness for another and a sign of the devil against them, for when one of our people is attacked by the devil's soldiers, no person who is one of the people rejoices, that they would be understood to be one of the devil's people themselves if they rejoiced, and it is so. Now for those who are not worth the effort of being wronged in some way, these if they are INCEL, and animals, are not rejoicing in them being wronged, and the lowly in spirit are being rejected by them, because they are only humble in spirit. Now what is it essentially? But the essence of it is weasels and wicked fools, cowards, and bitter virgins, attempting to present themselves and portray themselves as the cool and popular at the expense of the true heirs. Now it is an act of foolish retaliation for their being bullied and forgotten that they rejoice and behave such. Now what false Shepard has attempted to steal the people, that they should become servants of the devil, and low and uncool beasts, because they are envying those who are popular and cool that they cannot support them? But why will any go with this person when they have attempted to lead the masses without what is required for leadership? Now the father of equality and mercy, too, attempts to lead the masses, when he had come up without substance of leadership, lacking the wisdom of the people, even the average person, that he has been separated at a young age, has he not? Now those separated join the people as what they are, and do not attempt to surpass all the tests to claim kingship over them when they have gained the wisdom and past the tests of a king. Now if such is like a bastard, who joins the people as what they are, then they are indeed your bastard, you who are the people, and not some other people's bastard, that you should not get rid of them, for you require everything that your people have, that all must be upheld that is your people, only the father of equality and mercy is not one of the people.

Now the INCEL is neither man or woman, but they have felt as if they have no member with which to produce children, and they have felt anger and frustration, for they are slaves, and the lowest slaves, being slaves of the lowest shelf of Orgoth, and they have formed a gang for slaves, that they might orchestrate a slave uprising, because of the frustration and feelings of impotence because they are slaves and low things, not meant to be part of society. For some are men, and they are sensing always that they, the ugly, are not men, and they angrily and bitterly blame those who are men, saying, they are beautiful, and why have slaves been born ugly? Now if not all ugly people are slaves, then these are beautiful within. Now it is indeed true what they sense, for slaves are not men. Now when they are able to accept what they must accept, that the Lord has made many slaves ugly, and they are not men, but when will they accept it? For you must place the chain on them, and gather their wealth and give it to the beautiful, for to not obey the Lord in this thing will lead to the destruction of your society.

Now when you have enslaved those who must be enslaved, those who are one of the levels of hell, will you not then be more circumcised as a society? Now when you honour lawsuits, will you not then be making right what should be? But a gardening slave does not honour lawsuits, and those who put being one of the people before morality and justice are betraying Zion for what is not with morality.

Now let those who must mind their own business, mind their own business, that it is not their business, that Zion is within them, and it is in the world, that Zion cannot be removed, for the Lord created people, and the people make up Zion, and the Earth is the Lord's and Zion cannot be removed, and it dwells with people, and people cannot be removed, for those who speak against Zion speak against their own life, as they, too, are people, and Zion is people, and all are created by God, that there is no other truth, and no other thing, and there are all the religions that have the Lord, and freedom of religion must be protected, and freedom of speech must be had, and it even has the priests of Japeth's people, the white supremacists, who are for what the scripture has said of Japeth, that he is like the eldest brother, to explain his people, and that he is beautiful, to explain the beauty sensed about his people, for it is sensed without knowing, and it includes that which is not developed, for it is a thing of freedom and innocence, that is Salem, that these are a people who are for greater things of morality and religion. Now the Lord works through people, that this, too, is the Lord, for the spirit of God dwells with them in an action that they perform, for they are partnered with God in some thing that they do. Now do not be partnered with demons, or partnered with the devil in something you do, but be partnered with God, or friends of the angels, to be on their side. Now there are criminals who are better than the soldiers of cities in their commitment to justice and good things, for they are even favoured by some soldiers of cities who see, and who know, that they are not hated. Now these criminals, some, are even Zion, that they are part of a people, as if a tribe of Zion, that is committing crime but is more moral than the soldiers of cities and more committed to justice than they are. Now a bastard has already been like a prince among them, and he is not Judua, but is a supporter of the brave, and in that time there was peace around him in all directions and good around him in all directions.
	Now the incumbant and returning Zion, never ending in its return because it is made up of finite people, who were made by God, I call the Zion moral incumbancy. Now it cannot go away and people are finite in their limitations. Now Babylon also returns and must be wiped out.

Now those born to be slaves cannot help their behaviour, and the people who are not obeying God, to enslave them, are to blame for not obeying God. Now those born to be slaves cannot help what they are and what their behaviour is and Japeth's people and Shem's people have disobeyed the Lord much, and said, we are wiser than God, and we still love Him, and we are more moral than God, and we still love Him, that we chose to disobey Him, and we reject the free wisdom He has given to us. Now they have gone off and disobeyed and kept some morality, and they continued to praise God, but much of their prayers became like idle and vain speech because they were not fulfilling what the Lord had given them in the wisdom He gave to them. Now the Christians and the Jews received the Bible, the Muslims, the Quran, and the Japanese, to understand how to be like the angels as a people, and all the other groups that have received their wisdom, and also have the Bible to consult which is for the Jews and Christians. Now because they have not obeyed God but went off to disobey, saying we are more moral and wiser, they have received the punishment of their foolishness, understanding later that God knew better than them and understood more than them, that they have suffered because of it, and suffer for a time, as their punishment for disobeying and rejecting much of God's wisdom. Now their Heavenly father has known better than them, but they were deceived and chose to disobey, that they receive the suffering for their disobedience, and it is their own fault and not the fault of slaves, who cannot be blamed for their behaviour, for they were born to be slaves.

Now the prophets of the angel were disobedient, so that the angel could not even perceive which ones were obedient, for they were few and there were many prophets. Now it was better then, the angel thought, that there were no prophets if so many were disobedient, for they were like a stumbling block to the angel, and a vexation of disruption. Now these were like prophets who were candidates to be prophets for God, and the angel was not able to say if any of them were obedient, for most of them disobeyed. Now the angel thought, they must say exactly what I say or it would be better if they did not speak at all, for if they cannot follow my voice exactly then let them not be prophets for me. Now why was the trouble needed? But it was more of an additional burden and calamity, and it would have been better then if there had been none prophecying.

Now what did I find of Canada, or Salem? But it was incompetence, confusion, and apathy, for the angel came upon a militia with only a little training, and they were gathered together, having found their way, and they were not up to standard, for they had found their way on their own, and been gathered, and they were dispersed, and much was not up to standard. Now as for Canada, or Salem, it was incompetence, confusion, and apathy, and the zeal was in some places but not in others, and there were those whose behaviour was not ugly, although they were as lazy and apathetic people, without zeal or interest, as if others must do their part, and these were not close to standard, although they were polite in their behaviour. Now I thought, let these be replaced who are beautiful in behaviour but as if lazy and apathetic in their lack of deeds that are for them and what they are, for I do not want them, and they are as if not one of the people, and they allow animals that bully to approach people and do evil, and it is their responsibility to ensure that the animals are kept away, and they are as if lazy and idle keepers of these animals, who will not even keep them, but let them roam free, saying, I am not responsible for these and let others be attacked by them, and yet it is their place to deal with these animals, and it is others for whom the animals are not their responsibility to deal with, or have to deal with. Now what idle and foolish daughters, a type of wicked, are not keeping the female animals from attacking those who arrive and those who visit and are about? But they even when they attack, they do not servant tame the animals, and they have no heart, it would seem, for Zion, or for what is good. Now the angel comes to you here, not like the angel, but like a priest in these things, to become an angel priest in these matters, for this is the speech of a priest and not a man. Now the officials of the nation were below standard in competence, and it was below standard men patting each other on the back and congradulating each other, and they were all below standard and the nation was moving towards death, and they did not even perceive it, and their work caused more confusion than it brought benifit, for what they ran was incompetent and did not function well, and it was as a broken down camp, over-run with weeds, and mayhem and lack of competence, and the nation was being taken over by corruption, by Midianites, who were the corrupt portion of the nation who were like the other government and order of the nation, who caused much chaos and evil because of the racketeering and wicked quests for profit. Now much of the country was in control of these Medianites, who were the corruption, and so the nation was almost under control of what was a foreign nation, because the corruption was not the country and the democracy of that country. Now there were many more things below standard, and so I considered, let us begin, and as for the prophets who were as candidates for being prophets for God, let them not disobey, but say exactly as the words are given whether they agree or not, and God knows if any of them were obedient or able to be prophets for Him. Now as for the government, they suffered intelligence splinters and liars and slanderers and were disabled, and they listened to counter intelligence and the ancient methods worked better for understanding what was happening for the Midianites, too, were experts in counter-intelligence and dedicated in this thing. Now there were evil dragons attacking in places for the sick, and many types of sociopaths, and the INCEL was not enslaved, and the discontented dark shade was not dwelling in their own area that they might have peace, and there was consideration of Edom that is like a desease, and there were prostitutes of the enemy and some women more men than any man in their grievances, and there were people aquiring the mark of the beast, being sixhundred and sixty six from the angel because of their wickedness, that they were doing that which did not fear God. Now this is a thing of the angel on Earth, and how is it that it does not apply to people, that the people remember the fear of God in consideration of what they do.

Now those who are not able to give, what is required of them, but they even do what they can, and those who have been given much and have much to give, what will I say they repaid to God, and offered, for they are owing all to Him, and they have been blessed with wealth, and the time has come for them to perform, and good was performed to them, that they are owing good for much good, that their fulfilling might allow them to be blessed. Now when have I done any evil to them, but the Lord has done them good and Abraham has ran out and said, my lords, and hurried to prepare, and who of his descendants can be a friend of angels if they are not a mighty man, for will an angel even be friends with an average soldier? Now what does not render to me when it is right, to give a portion that is small, let this die under the kingdom and the fire of it that spreads, and let them be melted as stones, to molten, that they will disappear, for let the fire consume what is of disbelief and yet received good from the Lord and would not perform a small offering in return for the great things they have been given, for if the sword would cut them down in their stubbornness, yet it would only be because of their wickedness, that they were given much, and many have even been given honour, and for much good a little good is right to be given that they gain more. Now all that does not believe as either an atheist or a believer, for atheists are counted like believers in being hot or cold, being people of disbelief, these things let the fire consume that they disappear, and let Babylon be destroyed and the Midianites destroyed by those who are trustworthy to be loyal, having no hindrances among those who destroy them. Now let those who give be given support and power, for they are becoming allies and part of Zion, and those who cannot give, these have already given, and so let those who are zealous have the respect of the people in that they do good for the Lord and Zion.

Now there much of the nations of Canada, or Salem, was over-run with animals, those who had become animals and already were, and became more animals, as if by some type of curse, and so because of the aggressive animals and their great aggression who was able to save themselves? But who could establish a house when they were within distance of visitation from these animals, for the animals were aggressive, destroyers, uninhibited, and there was no self-awareness with them, and they required no reasons, for they were animals, and a house could not be established, and the good could not do business, for it was like anarchy, and worse than anarchy, but anarchy of animals, so that it was like foolishness to try to do business in these times, so that business had to change and strategies had to change and those who were already established were still established, but the new businesses had little chance. Now it was like a plague from the Lord, and it might have been from the Lord, that areas were over-run with animals, and the animals attacked the Lord's houses, for during a plague they had become a plague, and they refused to be tamed by any concept of man's morality and norms, that all such norms were shunned and rebelled against by them with great indignation and with might, that they would not be tamed by any concept of a person. Now the wisdom of Babel called them the greatly insane, and the angel called them animals of a plague, that it was not a norm for mental illness, that the mentally ill not be slandered by these rebellious beasts, for the animals were priest of Babylon, and those they treated, that beast was treating beast, and some of the priest of Babylon were not of Babylon because they had kept with sanity, that some of the priests were like groups of Daniels, that they were good and for reason, and most of these were women, that Babylon was replaced by these women, who were keeping to what was good and there was nothing to be done about the plague of animals, and the beasts who were treating beasts, and the beasts who had emerged in places of government and in every place, that it was without purpose to do more but to try to save those who were good. Now the Daniels who were mostly women, were saving the good in that time, and they had maintained their sanity, and they had replaced some of Babylon, that Babylon, part of it, was wiped out also by the plague of animals, and a Daniel rescued the angel and yet the animals attempted to exploit the good that she had done. Now if Babylon, part of it, was wiped out, yet it was impossible to be pleased, because the plague of animals was such, that the animals were a plague that was as evil as Babylon in some ways, and they emerged during the plague and they continued after the plague had been almost destroyed. Now where was Noah or Job, for the angel did not know where they were, and what they were doing during this time, and the place he was in was with those not having awareness and being insane and pointless in their insanity, that they were not disgusted with the state of the place and only continued with their pointlessness. 

It is the challenge of igno-slacks to bypass solid and unpassable logic and to bypass the boundaries of reality and reason. Now those who do so become corrupted and injured and they spew out wickedness and they practise incoherence, even in deeds, that they are a calamity of incoherence and a contradicting thing, having defiled themselves and corrupted themselves, becoming as a corrupted animal.

Now answer no false premise, no stumbling block, for the sake of the people, that you and others maintain society, and the rock with no integrity be crumbling to rubble, for it was not rock, but mud and water and things of no integrity, that you grind it with the people under your feet until it is fine, and it drift away with the wind and you regard not those not in the truth, but remain with your people, that if a person is neither an atheist or a believer, but those who believe in fictions and the ideals that are not developed, being a disgusting mixture of luke-warm deceptions, that you regard them not, for they speak stumbling blocks and foolishness, and they are built up on false premises, and they do not even know what they themselves believe in, for they should be ground to dust, made as lava, that they might become good stones, that the luke-warm are having no sense or good reason, and the father of equality and mercy is with them and all those who are ignorant of the truth. Now I looked and they were all right and every grievance was valid and all required that the truth be given for their cause that all those with a good cause were right and all were for the Lord's will, and who remained, who was not for the Lord's will? But it was only those who were guilty of some wickedness, or were born to be slaves who were not for the Lord's will.

Now those with a cognitive impairment do not need to join a gang because of the cognitive impairment, and those who require no reason, these are servants to them towards whom no reason is required.

Now those who are dedicated to ensuring that their children have a cognitive impairment, that they give them much training and keep their children from society, that they ensure their children will be servants to the heir, who is a son, then the son, the heir, has said, I do not want these as servants, and indeed it is abuse that is towards these children who are trained to be such that they are given a cognitive impairment.

Now an adulterer provoked a king to say, men should not be pretty, for she was an adulterer, and she had made herself falsely clean that she spoke such, and it was understood, and after she had received her judgment, a man of the lake of fire, a servant of the devil, having himself bonded with the devil, was greatly angry and rebellious because of the judgment, and he came to disrespect the person who had given judgment, for the devil was angry and rebelling, and the servant was much being the devil, a man of the devil, that he came to rebel. Now he gave the equivalent of railing and rebellion and he was in the lake of fire, below all things, even below the slaves, that the person who had been judged was greater than him. Now if the first was rebellious and rebellious against the Lord, to be rebellious against accountability and the guilt they should have received without it being said, what is called, feeling guilt on your own, than they were rebellious in the fashion of receiving the mark of the beast, for they did not fear God in the wickedness they had done.

Now Palestine has been moved back from its land and yet it was the land of the Hebrew Jews first and they took it and did they not give it again to the Jews? Now is it not because of the Temple? But the angel will not betray the Muslims to visit the Temple unless Muslims have seized it. Now else I would be a transgressor and treacherous and yet if the Muslims have seized it I may visit it. Now if it is given to the Jews how will I visit without Muslims with me? Now the Zion Temple I may visit but the Temple in Israel I may not visit as easily, for there must be Muslims with me and it is even better if Muslims have seized the Temple if I visit for the angel must seize the Temple if he should visit. Now as for Palestine, is it not good to be shutting your ears and looking away from Israel, for they are not what you look towards and they do not give anything to you, and yet you are cut off. Now should you ever focus on the Jews rather than focus on Islam? But the angel has found adultery in you and it is like a spirit of polytheism that rebellion like witch-craft is with you and you become closer to the polytheists who have the devil as their lord. Now the adultery is the polytheism and you should not be focusing upon Israel rather than focusing upon Islam and your own wellness. Now I have the right to give advice to you and I do not add to any scripture, for it is the sin of polytheism that makes you different than other nations where there are mostly Muslims. Now the polytheism of Palestine is not the same as polytheism when it is willingly committed, and I do not believe Palestine should be abandoned. Now the Jews cannot block you from the sacred cities and if Abraham is your father but not Jacob do the Jews not sin in some ways? But you have Zion and all the people of it and you have the sacred cities and Zion is with you, for Zion must give you favour because polytheism, a spirit of it, is within your borders. Now nations will not let Jerusalem fall for the mockery of the nations not Muslim has made you to have polytheism within your borders and the Jews cannot understand anything about you for you are Muslims, with angels, and Abraham is your father. Now Abraham has the right to give you the Temple in Jerusalem and yet if an angel does not visit it is right for you to give it over to the Jews. Now the Jews have not known and who of any has known, for the revelation of wisdom is now given  that the Muslims are because of the obedience of the angels. Now it is right that some Jews are in the Temple if the angel enters it or is in the courtyard of it and yet it must be seized by Muslims. Now Abraham was good to angels and he was able to dwell among them as a very mighty man is able. Now recognize Palestine if you believe in angels and let there be kindness and peace between you and the Muslim nations for as you are peaceful in this thing of the Temple it is a covenant of peace between you and the Muslims. Now if another nation sows discord let them be considerate to not sow discord in what they do, for wisdom is better than strength and much blood has been spilled. Now let not any person who speaks publicly sow discord for the angel does not acknowledge the right of any of them to sow discord, and is not the Lord with me? Now He is also with Zion and Jerusalem. Now the angel seizes it all in these cases and does not acknowledge the right of the elected, who are not religion, to sow discord. Now Hebrew Jews, find your leaders who are anointed by the prophet, for elected leaders rob you of your kings, and they are from other nations, these leaders, and they rob you even more, for I will not utter it, will not write it, and so I spread a protection over Zion and Jerusalem, to defend it from leaders who would sow discord, who are elected, and the very mighty men of Eretz Chadrack, I can spread nothing rightly as defence against them, for it would be unjust, and these only, I ask that all give special consideration to where it concerns the angel and Zion. Now these are the very mighty soldiers in Eretz Chadrack, and it is not undone for them to have this special consideration. Now let David and his heirs be leaders among you, Israel, for foreign leaders who are elected have robbed you without intending to do you harm, for you are too dependant on them, that your kings do not take gifts with considerations of peace, but you take gifts as if from an Uncle who fosters you at times, and so you do not have your kings, and you do not have David, who might be acceptable to Palestine, for if you had the kings, and they emerged, would you not then be acceptable, that they would send peace to your kings. Now if David was your king, I would go away secretly, and stand at a place that he would see me, and yet he is not your king and the kings you do not have. Now I would not go on behalf of any, or tell any person where I had gone. Now only to David would I go. Now to a very mighty man of Israel I would go to council him to war against Midianites, if they plagued the land, but it is not the time of the Earth for it, and only to these two would I go. Now it is not that time, and if it was still that time for the Earth, then the Christ would not yet have come and there would not yet be Muslims. Now if David emerges then I will not visit the Temple, for if he returns, I will not visit, for it would not be right for me to go to Israel to visit the Temple. Now the Zion Temple must be in Eretz Chadrack or some other place, and it cannot be in America, because of the wars of America, and yet it is the Temple Zion, for it is the sign of Zion, and all people are welcome to visit it, only it is respectful that none bow or pray to anything they find in the Temple or in the courtyard. Now as for Israel, acknowledge all of Zion that I have written about in these books, and you are still the Lord's, and the Lord is God of Zion and Jerusalem, and I advise that Palestine is having good access to another Muslim majority nation and having good relations with them, for they are almost cut off. Now if Palestine becomes greater, there is no threat to you, for there is Zion and it is the Lord's, and Jerusalem is the Lord's. Now I considered, should not one of Judua be king, or one of David? But you are able to be independent and the Jews are called to belief. Now many of you are backwards Jews, and it is revealed by the books of Nathan the prophet, when they are read backwards, and is it not acceptable? But I considered it is not good that most of you should be backwards. Now Israel cannot care for Palestine, because Muslims are because of the obedience of the angels. Now every trigger for conflict is an act of war because of the situation, that you not lie like petty children who believe life and death is only a child's game, and you not mock and bully, for there has been life and death, for Palestine is Muslim, and a different type of people, in the angel category, of things in that domain, and Hebrew Jews in the human category of people, that they cannot be friends, and cannot benefit each other, for one is looking towards the sacred cities in Saudi Arabia, and it is right for them, and another towards The Temple in Jerusalem, and it is not built. Now in peace, you do not win, you willingly lose, for it is so sometimes in a fashion of speaking, and what Moses gave is not a religion of being mighty, even if some are mighty, and Israel is bordered by a people who are because of the obedience of angels, and for what reason, then, will they have any fear? But the Earth is the Lord's, and all are on the same side, except for the polytheists. Now they are the only enemy that remains for any people on Earth, for it is revealed, with the revelation of wisdom, that all are on the same side, all being acceptable and pleasing to God in what they believe and follow, and the polytheists, only, are those who are having the devil as their lord. Now when did God ever command his people to attack those who believed in him and obeyed him in the right way they should?

Now wisdom is better than strength, and it excels the work of strength and then give it might, and wisdom is even more excelling, for there is that which is then a second resort for you, that the white supremacists, the neo-nazis, can come unto you, in Israel and to Palestine, and they will be there that I may not ever visit the Temple.








