



Introduction: Much of the text concerns Babylon and the need for it to be destroyed but this is not the only consideration, for the writing of proverbs is endless and yet never satisfied, and more wisdom is moving towards what is better. The existence of the Elsnon and Enoch is of particular concern to me as well as the restoration of society and the advancement of society, essentially, the purging of foolish lies that hinder a better existence where better things can be taken for granted, is another concern that can be found in the proverbs. That the proverbs do not condemn any other religion should not be surprising, for I have not intended to bring war against another religion, or another nation and wish for truth and reason when approaching such things. The religion of the proverbs is Christianity, and The New Testiment, as well as the Old Testiment, is required to understand some of the proverbs. Islam is not condemned or attacked, and I would be pleased if more would consider the tremendous problems of Babylon and its emergences on Earth when weighing the desire for disparaging another religion, since the proverbs are not designed to serve as a catalyst for disparagement of Islam, and I am of the belief that many people groups are to be praised for the good qualities that they possess.

	Now the whole of all the scriptures written that are not to be added to the Bible, are given to Nathan Unsworth, being the businessman who is given ownership of all the scriptures that he is given The Diary of Lucifer and Notes from Salem and this book as well, that they are his entirely, him being an artist and businessman entrusted with these things, that he did not pay for them but was given them freely, than this is a man who is polish in ethnicity, being entirely polish, who is given all the scriptures of the Emperor of Salem, who is the angel, and all the scriptures of the angel. Now the businessman's name is Nathan Brian Barrie Unsworth, born in Edmonton, Alberta, student of Humber College, citizen of Canada, son of an Unsworth and Barrie, student of Cayuga Secondary School, resident of Hannah, Selkirk, Haldimand-Norfolk, Calgary, Toronto, and Hamilton all in Ontario except for Calgary and Hannah, Alberta. Now the prior is the order of his residences, that he was a child in Hannah, and moved to Ontario at approximately the age of five. His email address is unsworthnathan@gmail.com. He does not support or condone nor condemn any of the writings in The Diary of Lucifer, Notes from Salem, or this book called The Other World.


The Diary of Lucifer
by Lucifer


{The Long Proverbs and Short Proverbs of Lucifer}


Now the standard quality of a person was at least a person is trying to do what is good and moral, although much has moved beyond that, so that it is as if there is no more time for such things. Now the person, at least, clearly trying to do the right thing is human.
(1)
I have heard the story of Martha, and how she cooked the meal that the Judeo-Christian son of God ate with his disciples, and how her older sister cleaned the house, and have produced the proverb of mine that, Martha takes the cake, but she did not bake it. So is the existence of those who understand and have no time for the monotonous waiting and wasteful diligence of those who must prove something by means other than simply understanding and knowing what the truth is, and so we have come to the modern technocracy that is not like Aldous Huxley's Brave New World but is more connected with a form of anarchy and strange thefts that occur where ideas are stolen, or credit is claimed by others, and even awards ignore those who understood far in advance and offered exact answers and directions before the person awarded and credited moved to take what was not made by them, the cake, to then claim no knowledge that they had ever known of who came prior to them, or who invented, understood, and offered the answers, and if it should then be understood by others, the person who offers the 'theory' indeed understands the theory they offer, even to the point of knowledge, and is not merely being impossibly lucky, of course, which would be mathematically impossible, but of course that would go without saying, as is our English expression, in which this collection of mine, my book of theories, or hypothesis, was originally written, in the only language I understand at the time, being the English language, in which I have also written a number of fiction books that also contain many of my theories that are not to be featured in this book, which I imagine will be shorter. I have believed in truth to be found in almost every religion, and if my understanding is correct, I was such a type in my youth as to be shunned by moralizing like-women men on many occassions for what I can only assume are religious reasons, rooted in Christianity, which I ignored, though I was a Christian, and a reading of the New Testiment might offer some guidance on that subject, only that many seemed to talk about me behind my back, but would not say such things when I was around, the males, at least, and such was my youth, and the type of person I was, a lover of some type, a person interested in computers, a slacker in school, a person who played two musical instruments, a good student later, when I realized the consequences of not studying, and a person who liked to figure things out for myself, ignoring much of what I had been taught, while accepting most of it after I had decided it was right. Given the type of person I am, I had to deal with a type of Christian men when I was younger, sometimes shunning me, and most of them accepting me, and treating me well, and now I must worry about domestic terrorists who seem to be against what I am, so that I can only wonder about North America and whether the RCMP or the FBI can protect us, in ernest, or if we have entered into a floating cloud, a microcosm of dark ages where pockets of terrorism seem to float about my own country, especially, it would seem, during the COVID crises, but even prior to that, and I have wondered about the American Dream, or the North American dream in many ways, and whether it can survive without a boost of funding and resources to law enforcement and federal agencies at a time when domestic terrorism is seeming to become more prevaliant and more violent, especially following the Me Too Movement after which time I personally found myself facing new amounts of unanticipated and unacceptable problems I could not attribute to anything other than the idea that some people believed I was Lucifer, Satan, the Anti-Christ, until I became more educated on domestic terrorism and the problems of a corrupt city where many people seemed to have lost out on the North American dream and the crime rate was high, which has been an influence upon my considerations of North America and the world, and even helped me to value and take for granted more my rights and freedoms in North America, which I believe are not objects for compromise or debate, but are a given to me, to be defended and taken for granted, with gratitude towards those who stand on a wall, prepared to do what must be done, justly and rightly, to protect me. The city I currently reside in has been called both 'little Toronto' and 'little Detroit' but in honesty it is probably more like 'little Chicago' with many aspects to the city and divided into two parts, the more disenfranchised usually residing in the part where the likelyhood of terrorism seems greater. A person who does not easily dispair, perhaps, I have hope for the future, and believe that the North American Dream will survive, but I have come to believe that a stronger support is required to get control of a country that expects to take for granted the basic freedoms and opportunities we have come to expect for every citizen, whether there is the existence of domestic terrorists or not.
(2)
Conciousness, and its levels, and the substantial principles of individuals who are on different levels of conciousness, and the requirement for seperation amongst these groups in some cases when groups on different levels of conciousness cannot exist together, and what the beliefs are for those different groups and what they might understand, and what is required of them, and what different morally, even, they might have, and whether there is any contradiction in morality for other groups, or none, and whether the addition of morality is higher, or sometimes lower, and the finite limitations for variation among groups, based on finite psychology of the nature of humanity, and of course what we are, and not requiring an explanation of origins to arrive at the truth of our present and even our future. The truth then being discovered at different levels, and sometimes not-accessible to some that some might find access to more truth in other areas, and the idea that the truth is then capable of entertaining the whole of humanity, and that there is always more that we do not know, and then there is what might not be perceptible by any human alive, or who will ever live, until a new sentience of humans might emerge. What type of people hold humanity back, are of course those who are not able to tolerate the explorations of others, and these I will place in one category, calling them the Anti-progress sociopaths in our society, not using the term sociopath to refer to the psychological disorder of psychopathy but in my own fashion, meaning anti-social individuals in society, who I believe should not be considered to have the level of 'place' in our society, since they are truly against society in their actions and against the enjoyment of the majority in our society. What religion an Anti-progress sociopath inhabits does not matter, since I do not include religion, but only view religions to be catalysts and vehicles for anti-progress sociopaths to use, and possibly use wrongly, like using a self-defence weapon for murder, or for some purpose that was not intended by the invention. What are the real groups and the real categories? How does our language, the common words we use, lie to us, or distract us from the truth, and what concepts have been introduced that distract us from the truth or lie to us? 

How many times did the children of the devil tempt Him to sin with His mouth, that an evil spirit on Earth might portray Him to be something else than what He was? But where they have tempted Him and tested Him with pressure He survived to lay down His life, the pure lamb and a man who was human, speaking without guile, but truth and the enemy has brought lies to His mouth because of the children of the devil. He spoke truth and good and the Romans put vinegar on His lips and those who came later put lies. So they knew it not. Who He forgives I cannot blame for they have done Him wrong and He has surpassed me. Let one who is tenderly loved by Him offer what he can and give back the truth to those who did not intend to go astray from the literal words of His lips when He avoided their traps. For the woman who is no wife is put away by God if it is so by a man if the man then agrees and attains a certificate of divorce it is then that the break or divorce is made and not prior when a man does not do this thing. The woman is his wife and love is exceedingly patient that it is not an easy thing. For she divorces wisdom before she is put away. Let not the imposter attempt to bring the pure to hell, and drag the Lord’s kingdom down with her to that place of fire and sin. Because of the Lord there is that which never was and the man is keeping then to God, and his wife is another, because he is truly alone, with no wife who truly is for him. But blessed is a faithful woman whose beautiful spirit is preserved in Heaven.


Now then there is the Babtist and the Christ come to Earth to be truly human, and there is Lucifer, the new Lucifer, and not the old who is the devil, and a Satan, being a type of serpent, but the new Lucifer who is a Satan who is commanded by the Christ. Now because my name is Lucifer there is also the test by the works that are committed here, that the test is not for man or woman, and the Lord finds flaw even with his angels, for the long and short proverbs are not to be added to the Bible, either the Old or New Testiment, but are for the giving of wisdom. Now the throne of Satan, the throne that was his, is taken by the new Lucifer, a satan that does not crawl on its belly, and an angel, the angel at Pergamon, who is come in a body that decays, for he is one of the Christ's angels.

A calamitous fool with no understanding has said of foolishness that is impulse, yet it is good strategy. For they make themselves known among the people, and they anger and provoke, that their punishment might be brought upon them, for they sound a horn to proclaim their guilt.

A daughter beloved by her father, consistent and never wayward, beautiful by wisdom with beauty of her youth preserved in heaven, cherished by the Universe, immortal in heaven and a crown of her husband, possessing grace and good gifts, preserving that which would be immortal.

A dog describes a human from themselves, and their mouth is full of projection, for they do not have the means to understand and describe. This is a folly found in Babel.


A dog has put on the clothing of a lion to gather up those who wish to be lions and has taught them the teachings and ways of dogs, to be dogs but insolent and brutal, as if to be strong and mighty. Now some women have wished to be a lioness and not many men are interested in the teachings of the dog-lion, but because some women wished to be a lioness they have listened and learned from the dog-lion.

A dog when it is roaming stray and defending others cannot have a personal problem, for the stray dog is only interested in defending against what is good, that it is human or higher that it defends against, for it defends woman against angel to drive away, but a man defends human against animal that animals have sought to fight back.

A dog when it is roaming stray and defending others cannot have a personal problem, for the stray dog is only interested in defending against what is good, that it is human or higher that it defends against, for it defends woman against angel to drive away, but a man defends human against animal that animals have sought to fight back.

A false flag procures much loyalty, but with knowledge lacking it is hard to see. But the zeolot is given for the purposes of Orgoth that the servant of Orgoth is jelous and honest in a perverse fashion that is not honest, and if he launches something foolish from the hands of his servants than the people, not knowing of him, have been deceived by false flags. Now what is too extreme is losing support and gaining loyalty for the opposite, and if any are with another motivation than they are harbouring wrath and slandering their cause. But wisdom has moved nations, it has toppled mountains, it has exercised the ways of peace and alliance and built up as evil weakens and dies, that there is no wisdom against God, and if the heart is not for it than alternatives are found, for the will of the heart with some is stronger than truth, that the servants of the devil are wanting some blindness, and the strong will of their hearts is against God, but let it not be for injustice unavenged, for if you have not done justice than why do you stand against the blood of your brother or sister? But you go to do right that the kingdom is not divided against itself because loyalty to God has supported any true king or queen that as they are not a traitor you support them in doing what is right that traitors might be defeated from the kingdom in Ria, and let it not be a hard thing to bear if it is difficult to understand. For the throne in Ria, unless it be a traitor, is well with God prevailing, and such is the Universe with people. Now where there is much corruption the land is with multitudes of traitors and trechory that the leader is held hostage, to be made even a mere figure when it has furthered that the devil will wield power as a servant who controls, and yet a greater king or queen than them has returned the kingdom to them. Now the one loving corruption is a traitor to the nation and it’s people and such a spirit is found in Babylon. But truth and justice is driving out Babylon, and corruption is opening the door for it as a possible door.


A feliv is one who believes the propaganda is a representation of the reality and truth, for it seems that many are Felivs and wise exceedingly at a time when most is propaganda, for the strong hand is saying, they these are loosing much ground to gain what little remains, for they control all and go into new areas unknown, for only in reality is it so, and reality is all.

A fool attacks when none accuses, but a man of integrity who is faithful is secure.

A fool attacks when none accuses, but a man of integrity who is faithful is secure.

To be concerned about those more men than David is a concern against the gang of masculinity which devours those who are good. For such a gang is understood without having witnessed them, and they are of Orgoth's servant, but do they emerge and sustain themselves? 

A fool has attempted to cast the citizen born in the country out of the country and the fool is the terrorist and the one they would cast out a most privileged citizen who is of the majority, and this is seeming like person who is not well, even confusing, though they do not think they are alienated from society and reality.

A fool has done much evil and rages when questioned, and this being a belief of persecution, but there can be no insolence where a person is conforming to reality, to truth.

A fool has said, the beauty of innocence has impaired my judgement and so I will be just and please God, that I might punish them more than others, because if they are this innocent than the punishment must be greater, because I know they are guilty, but my judgement is impaired by their innocence.

A fool has wished to carry out evil so much that they have said, I have no defence or it is small, but the one I hate is unprotected and none will fight with them. But because of lack of knowledge and understanding they have no prudence and the other type is not followed by them, that without understanding they cast their life away, and is it then to be pitied by fools? But they have committed error within them that they believe such about the world, because their foolishness cannot be changed by them. So fools have died and there are those who did not die because of lack of wisdom or morality, but some have died because of the cowardess of a worthless fool and then it is not the fool who killed them, because the fool was not enough for it, but the Universe took them, that their time of being on Earth was over.
A fool is a slanderer of those they hate, but a wise child will sometimes be fair to others in words.

A fool panics and believes everything can be fixed with bullying, and what a low fool it is, but a person of patience has great understanding.

A hasty fool is not grateful, for he will not endure, but his eagerness is short lived and dies with endurance, that his heart is not strong in this, for he buries the Lord’s inheretence under the ground and reaps the wind instead, and he waters the ground over it, and he is casting away substance of his own, that he is low and wicked and of a rebellious spirit, that he looks upon evil dealings, suspicious of such to speak disrespect in a degrading fashion, and yet he has not understood better. Now such is a rebellious man and he has turned to self-hatred by his wickedness and sloth, that he might profane and blaspheme God, and be enemy to those who please God.

A jealous older brother to a king is a servant among the people and to the king, but a wise child will incur favour.

A just father of fairness is not promoting his child doing wrong to others, that here is a wise father, and the beauty of his daughters is in Heaven.

A lion who deserves to die is not better than a dog who is in the way of life, but wisdom is with morality.

A man nagging with Gomorrah combat may not be respected for he is not a man. Now if he is even a soldier of the city he does what no man has ever done since the beginning of time to stoop to a perverse thing that knows no right and wrong, because even a dog is better than him. Now what is continuing as a unich as a servant must be made a unich if he will not cease attempting to slay with guile, for a servant speaks peacefully with grace and wisdom but a wrathful unich is either going to Babylon to be a soldier or to continue with God’s kingdom. Now I am not recommending fighting where there is no battle but Babylonians can go to Babylon for protection that they no longer be undecided and they will be fought after they have joined Babylon for they are not slayn while they are not behind their soldiers to fight with them. But a soldier must be a soldier with Babylon or repent and cast off Babylon, and a true servant who cannot cease attempting to slay with guile because he is a unich, must become a unich. Now none can do the work of the devil to do injustice and say we trick God. But none can trick God and is there not justice done to them? But if you are made slave because you did such injustice and tried to trick God are you not to surrender your wealth to the one you wronged and do their heavy labour? But you are chaotic, unjust and some of you behaving like murderous animals who throw violence in many directions. Now the Earth and the Universe is the Lord’s and the yoke your ideology threw off was not moved for your your ideology and your democracy ideology had no power against God. Now take not that false religion that has no power against God or to change his mind. Now if you say, yet it is our way, than your way is a foolish people who indulge in Gomorrah and tolerate Sodom and welcome ignorance and say God has no right with us but he is a guest and does not judge where we do not permit Him. Now this is the devil’s Jacob who wrestled with God while he is sick and deseased and found with foolishness and injustice. Now who makes themselves rich with filth and sin and stubbornly tells God, yet you may not that we wrestle? But when you speak evil you offer the devil’s judgement and he is the prince of the world and the chief of hell. Now when you do injustice you do the devil’s judgement.

A man who becomes angry when he is jealous is an unstable ground of fire and transgression, but the one with self control is not offending.

A mother of a son of worth is generous and fair to the sons of others, for she is not lacking, but a woman who has born a worthless is pulled down by it.

A nation’s local spy network is finding almost all, and yet when the government is compromised it is a matter of loyalty that by taking only the good you are conquering easily, as if without need for battle.

A passive aggressive man pleads innocence, but a righteous son has blessings.

A person claiming their motives to be beyond the limits of humanity is to be ignored in their explanation, for their actions will determine their motive, because one of these will even claim they did know what they would have to assume or know. Now in a simpler way, a person must know an amount of truth or else they would not be able to walk or stand or function in any way.

A person of hell is insolent when they speak as if fellow citizens with God’s to His people, because the enemies and war is known, and the hatred of those of hell is understood. For who kills children of God and then speaks peace as if not enemy soldiers? But let an arrow strike their throat and a knife placed into their mouth that the people of God’s do not have hate.

Now it is right to defend the heir by birth, and welcome others if it is to be, but the person who leads and rejects his own people is a thing that is possible in any nation.

A person of rage and jealousy and rage being all their substance when there is no cause, and the wrath of these being all their substance, bears the mark of death on their head, and Beelzebub has taken them already to do all his will.


A person who is God’s cannot please an animal, but both must be people. For the animal is not having morality or integrity, unless it is very small, and it attacks sense of weakness, furious in heart that it is believed to be person, for it is animal and wanting to be animal.

A prudent person will do nothing when they do not know, but fools will die, and do not want knowledge.

A rebellious man who speaks blasphamy has a wicked fire in his mouth, for his heart cries out from the depths of hell, and yet he says, you think you are better, in accusation, and yet if he knows that the Christ was human and the angel comes to work as others, there are those who are exceedingly worse than him for they show forth what they are at a later time. Now if one has reviled, yet he has reviled the statue in Babylon where they have placed the Christ beside it to be another thing, and though he rebels against God, yet he rebels against injustice that the one who hates the prince  and does trechory has deemed him a rebel to be cast down and punished, that if the rebel who is for righteousness has appeared before you in the likeness of a rebel against God, it is because the devil has placed rebels in the likeness of them who are loyal to God, that the god that he attacks, it is good to be against, for you are not a simple people, but I have desired to give wisdom to the Elsnon, that some criminals even who are rebels have been against that which is far more evil than them.

A robbed woman is lashing out at a man, and by lack of greatness he is with anger? But greatness he has, and honour to his credit, for the man who finds a wife gains favour from the Lord.

A sick person spreads their disease and the wicked do also, as do those who are not well in a wicked fashion, that these are not those who are not well for one is better than average in this way and the other far worse who are not well. Cease using wrong catagories that place the holy in the camp of the wicked, but God has given you his catagories and in folly you accuse with the catagories that were not meant for judgement, that are not from God.

A soldier of Beelzebub has said it is only a matter of opinion and there is no truth or understanding because they have no understanding, and insolence and confidence due to ignorance and lack of understanding is their strength.

A very accurate and very sharp knife of truth is severing the bridge that lead to punishment by discord and the Lord makes a new bridge according to the knife of truth, that the discord is gone when the knife did well and the punishment is ceasing when the truth is given power of support.

A wicked mouth puts a gap in the spirit and this an injury but let God restore all. The one who harasses sexually puts evil in their spirit and is violent. The one who makes threats that torture is condemned to die whether physical that are upon the head or threats of death. The one who attacks for a length of time that is exceeding the possibility of a man has sought another’s blood. The one who condemns the victim in a fashion to crush them is deserving of death, and they have no place in Heaven. That by all fashions of safety they have done violence and torture and sought to mutilate. All these things they are doing and what will they be known to be? But when they call out to Christ with good hope they will be condemned to hell where there is pain and anguish forever, to death. Better is the one who molested the child who sunk to the depths of the ocean. And all these things him and his allies did.

A wise man says, he may murder soon, and the wise heed it as well, but a foolish people are saying there is no such thing as abuse anymore.

A wise woman who is claimed to lack something in terms of her mind’s ability is like a jewel of wisdom upon the plains, but a wicked and reckless is wayward and grievous.

A wise woman who is claimed to lack something in terms of her mind’s ability is like a jewel of wisdom upon the plains, but a woman wicked and reckless is wayward and grievous.

According to sentience there is no cause to judge, and this is a fool who is perverted within, for he has placed strength against justice.

Ahab was king and with every encroachment he made against the Christ he became lower so that by the end Jezebel ruled over him and before those pleasing God he was a servant. Now let the servant be treated like a servant and let them pile up what a servant cannot have for his body was destroyed and he was given labour and he had no wife anymore unless it was Jezebel who ruled over him and because he was not a Babylonian he did these things that he might perceive truth and be worthy of death. Now if the Christ was pushed and attacked by Ahab than how is it that Jezebel refrained from it? Now if Jezebel is to perish than let a new return from destruction because she refrained from pursuing the Christ, that the new might support him. Now if the Christ does not accept Ahab as a servant than let him do right and be destroyed that he might repent as a man and be killed that he might inherit the kingdom. For the those who supported Ahab and he submitted to them, are for judgement when it comes and the servants of Ahab are moving towards the place of a great prophet. Now women will mourn over them, and if blood is spilt than the Lord knows what is good. For a foolish people will not fear God, and if they send their priests than they are being sent before a great prophet. For their sons will die and they will be like those who would follow them to the grave. Their companions will suffer illness and perish before their eyes because they lift up their eyes to God with hope and consider themselves righteous. So God will strip them of order and riches and security that those they have been strong with will perish before their eyes because of the Lord. Still will their hearts be stubborn? But some will be cast out of Babylon to beg because a righteous land has been made Babylon, that a plague will take lives because of their continued stubborness in which they do not repent. So the women who have done wrong will lose brothers and they will come to shame who were brothers to them.
 
Ahab was king and with every encroachment he made against the Christ he became lower so that by the end Jezebel ruled over him and before those pleasing God he was a servant. Now let the servant be treated like a servant and let them pile up what a servant cannot have for his body was destroyed and he was given labour and he had no wife anymore unless it was Jezebel who ruled over him and because he was not a Babylonian he did these things that he might perceive truth and be worthy of death. Now if the Christ was pushed and attacked by Ahab than how is it that Jezebel refrained from it? Now if Jezebel is to perish than let a new return from destruction because she refrained from pursuing the Christ, that the new might support him. Now if the Christ does not accept Ahab as a servant than let him do right and be destroyed that he might repent as a man and be killed that he might inherit the kingdom. For the those who supported Ahab and he submitted to them, are for judgement when it comes and the servants of Ahab are moving towards the place of a great prophet. Now women will mourn over them, and if blood is spilt than the Lord knows what is good. For a foolish people will not fear God, and if they send their priests than they are being sent before a great prophet. For their sons will die and they will be like those who would follow them to the grave. Their companions will suffer illness and perish before their eyes because they lift up their eyes to God with hope and consider themselves righteous. So God will strip them of order and riches and security that those they have been strong with will perish before their eyes because of the Lord. Still will their hearts be stubborn? But some will be cast out of Babylon to beg because a righteous land has been made Babylon, that a plague will take lives because of their continued stubborness in which they do not repent. So the women who have done wrong will lose brothers and they will come to shame who were brothers to them. Now will God win against humanity? But I keep myself from rejoicing except I am like one going out to do battle with him. Yet I have stopped in the grass upon a hill for He has said to me and kissed me on the forehead, look at what your father will do to the enemy army that I go to war with. And the son of God is standing taller than me and is there, being pure. Now I have said to myself let not any of them pity you who are to be the enemy because they have been charged to care for the child and none would go and save him, for they were stubborn and their hearts were not in it, indeed they could not care for the child to save him. Now if a true gentile should say it than let their son be killed and them as well for they commit blasphamy over the kingdom. For the Earth is to be made void of people except a small remnant because of one who was in the kingdom, that they said let us allow the child to be killed that we might inherit.

Alienated from society and bitter. Compensation creates translation. Bitterness translated into content alienation in opposition to those not part of niche group.

All things, all labels of people, are also for the mentally impaired, that impaired is not the right word, since we know as people what is acceptable, but a general label used in a reckless fashion is not fitting for conversations of peaceful accuracy.

An I have believed in an inquiry, and so said to myself, what insolence is there if they are not restored? Because others might have driven them to a different place and He can restore them? Was Christ not restored on the third day? But these say they are a different people, and they are resisting being restored, that they would fight God, that they might not be what is better. For they are not given to change and it would be better if they were. But what will they perform on the Earth if it is required to resist God? But do they do evil and not know all the truth? But they have attempted to convert others to their ways and would lead those who are well astray.

Do not provoke the married woman, for she does not desire to betray her husband, but the man with a full quiver is able to be content with this.

A poor and miserable covets the things of another in bitter envy, but a man with a full quiver is even able to deny.

An I have believed in an inquiry, and so said to myself, what insolence is there if they are not restored? Because others might have driven them to a different place and He can restore them? Was Christ not restored on the third day? But these say they are a different people, and they are resisting being restored, that they would fight God, that they might not be what is better. For they are not given to change and it would be better if they were. But what will they perform on the Earth if it is required to resist God? But do they do evil and not know all the truth? But they have attempted to convert others to their ways and would lead those who are well astray. But there is no insolence in truth and the understanding of the truth, because insolence is war against truth and reality. Now do some not perceive reality? But there are some who do not perceive it in great measure and in the utter ignorance they are ignorant enough to be made confident, strong in insolence and confidence of what is not the reality about themselves, about what occurs and what they do, although they do not perceive false-good about others, but as much as they are ignorant to themselves and what they do, so is the war against reality brought forth, and the insolence, that if the are disrespectful they know it, but as for the insolence, it is from ignorance or intentional war against reality where a person uses themselves to be an offence against others by their intentional war against reality when they are not ignorant. Now the one who ceases is still ignorant, when there is no perception within them, being a person who is not capable of knowing more. So then why is one accusing when they are not doing as well as others?
 
An abuser who is developing religion for abuse is being an animal and others do not have to be an animal because they are. They seek to be animals more when they say, fool who is human, but I am an animal and if you did not know how to handle me and manage me it is your fault, because you are the human. For they have accepted themselves as animals and have relegated their status that others might be at fault in their opinion for even allowing them to live. Now if it is of animals to blame people in this way than they are faithful to right and wrong as animals. But you are to be human and not animals, for humans have a measure of self control that they control to a degree and are good to be not controlled to a degree that they are not seeking to maul what they perceive as weakness and they understand people. Now the animal has said in their heart, you cannot expect me to keep you and govern because you are human and I am an animal and how am I to govern, for I take morality from you, because I am an animal. Now if nature is declaring it to you than you know that wisdom is benificial and that you are not a simple people who cannot know who to lead out to safety by the wrist.
An adult has become more wicked as he gives himself permissions and this is not always the cause for to remember right and wrong must be grasped by those who would grow better. For the righteous are becoming better and better and the evil becoming worse, and those attaining eternal life are those who are keeping faith and watch through the trials and tribulations, and so may I, too, remember.

An angry fool who has no understand has willed to go out into the land and take innocent people who have no knowledge of what he wants to know and some of them being loyal fighters for his cause, and he has wanted to make them pay, to punish them, and yet he has no daughter or son, and he is angry, and he has said, let us spread torture that those who have no knowledge will give knowledge to escape and I will be great in my evil, to destroy those sons and daughters who did well, who are loved tenderly by God and their parents because I am a brutish and proud man who is not loved in such a way and I will take my vengence upon those who are beautiful, indeed if they are beautiful then I have said my judgement is inpaired because of their beauty and so to please God I will do far worse to them than any and I will be a king of men and I will be a hero to women whose sons I kill and I will bring equality to my lowness that I will through my actions destroy all that is better than me and more pleasing to God that I might be great and shun wisdom and understanding and noble learning that the people might thank me as a hero and give gifts to me and I will be their king.

An angry fool who has no understand has willed to go out into the land and take innocent people who have no knowledge of what he wants to know and some of them being loyal fighters for his cause, and he has wanted to make them pay, to punish them, and yet he has no daughter or son, and he is angry, and he has said, let us spread torture that those who have no knowledge will give knowledge to escape and I will be great in my evil, to destroy those sons and daughters who did well, who are loved tenderly by God and their parents because I am a British and proud man who is not loved in such a way and I will take my vengence upon those who are beautiful, indeed if they are beautiful then I have said my judgement is inpaired because of their beauty and so to please God I will do far worse to them than any and I will be a king of men and I will be a hero to women whose sons I kill and I will bring equality to my lowness that I will through my actions destroy all that is better than me and more pleasing to God that I might be great and shun wisdom and understand and noble learning that the people might thank me as a hero and give gifts to me and I will be their king.

An angry fool who has no understanding has willed to go out into the land and take innocent people who have no knowledge of what he wants to know and some of them being loyal fighters for his cause, and he has wanted to make them pay, to punish them, and yet he has no daughter or son, and he is angry, and he has said, let us spread torture that those who have no knowledge will give knowledge to escape and I will be great in my evil, to destroy those sons and daughters who did well, who are loved tenderly by God and their parents because I am a brutish and proud man who is not loved in such a way and I will take my vengence upon those who are beautiful, indeed if they are beautiful then I have said my judgement is inpaired because of their beauty and so to please God I will do far worse to them than any and I will be a king of men and I will be a hero to women whose sons I kill and I will bring equality to my lowness that I will through my actions destroy all that is better than me and more pleasing to God that I might be great and shun wisdom and understanding and noble learning that the people might thank me as a hero and give gifts to me and I will be their king.

A desperate and defeated is rejoicing at the bad fortune of a great man, but the upright person who is not envious is a pleasing person found with wisdom.

An angry woman with iniquity has shown a wicked mouth, speaking of acts of violence, stubborn and iniquitous and harder than a rock of the Earth. Bitterness has covered her lips, and if she should afflict the innocent than judgement will come down on her that the evils of the one who wronged her will be cleansed. A child, a girl-child has placed her foot on her neck in play, to rejoice over her. So only her son will absolve her, and give compassion, that the way is through him if she has afflicted the innocent. Though she has endured bruises and pain she is as if cursed on Earth and by whose fault? But if the father has sinned, he is absolved by her other wrongs that she commits so that she is a tragedy and for what cause? But death has seized her because of the sacrifice that did not come, that she is to be beaten and abused, because of the sins of men she has never heard of or known. For blood was shed in war and an atonement has been required, and those who shed blood have not known of what would be required. For the daughters have gone out to remember her, that they pay honour to virginity, that the blood shed in war is atoned for by her.

An angry woman with iniquity has shown a wicked mouth, speaking of acts of violence, stubborn and iniquitous and harder than a rock of the Earth. Bitterness has covered her lips, and if she should afflict the innocent than judgement will come down on her that the evils of the one who wronged her will be cleansed. A child, a girl-child has placed her foot on her neck in play, to rejoice over her. So only her son will absolve her, and give compassion, that the way is through him if she has afflicted the innocent. Though she has endured bruises and pain she is as if cursed on Earth and by whose fault? But if the father has sinned, he is absolved by her other wrongs that she commits so that she is a tragedy and for what cause? But death has seized her because of the sacrifice that did not come, that she is to be beaten and abused, because of the sins of men she has never heard of or known. For blood was shed in war and an atonement has been required, and those who shed blood have not known of what would be required. For the daughters have gone out to remember her, that they pay honour to virginity, that the blood shed in war is atoned for by her. Now the woman sacrificed I have known is the sacrifice that can be another, for a pedophile who has molested children can be the sacrifice for war, so that the battered and seemingly cursed woman will not be required but instead the blood of pedophiles of child molestation are required to atone for war.  Now the life of the pedophile is pure, and he is clean, for he has cleansed himself of his sins with to his imperfections, and by his innocent blood, though he himself is not innocent, an atonement is made for the shedding of blood in war. For his soul is for pushing forward the woman when the judge comes, to push her forward that she would be sacrificed instead of himself, and if the sacrifice is to occur so it will be. But a wise woman has said, he will push me to my death with honey and encouragement so that the sacrifice does not occur. Now beyond this my understanding is insufficient, even for the angel.

An angry woman with iniquity has shown a wicked mouth, speaking of acts of violence, stubborn and iniquitous and harder than a rock of the Earth. Bitterness has covered her lips, and if she should afflict the innocent than judgement will come down on her that the evils of the one who wronged her will be cleansed. A child, a girl-child has placed her foot on her neck in play, to rejoice over her. So only her son will absolve her, and give compassion, that the way is through him if she has afflicted the innocent. Though she has endured bruises and pain she is as if cursed on Earth and by whose fault? But if the father has sinned, he is absolved by her other wrongs that she commits so that she is a tragedy and for what cause? But death has seized her because of the sacrifice that did not come, that she is to be beaten and abused, because of the sins of men she has never heard of or known. For blood was shed in war and an atonement has been required, and those who shed blood have not known of what would be required. For the daughters have gone out to remember her, that they pay honour to virginity, that the blood shed in war is atoned for by her. Now the woman sacrificed I have known is the sacrifice that can be another, for a pedophile who has molested children can be the sacrifice for war, so that the battered and seemingly cursed woman will not be required but instead the blood of pedophiles of child molestation are required to atone for war.  Now the life of the pedophile is pure, and he is clean, for he has cleansed himself of his sins with to his imperfections, and by his innocent blood, though he himself is not innocent, an atonement is made for the shedding of blood in war. For his soul is for pushing forward the woman when the judge comes, to push her forward that she would be sacrificed instead of himself, and if the sacrifice is to occur so it will be. But a wise woman has said, he will push me to my death with honey and encouragement so that the sacrifice does not occur. Now beyond this my understanding is insufficient, even for the angel.

An angry woman with iniquity has shown a wicked mouth, speaking of acts of violence, stubborn and iniquitous and harder than a rock of the Earth. Bitterness has covered her lips, and if she should afflict the innocent than judgement will come down on her that the evils of the one who wronged her will be cleansed. A child, a girl-child has placed her foot on her neck in play, to rejoice over her. So only her son will absolve her, and give compassion, that the way is through him if she has afflicted the innocent. Though she has endured bruises and pain she is as if cursed on Earth and by whose fault? But if the father has sinned, he is absolved by her other wrongs that she commits so that she is a tragedy and for what cause? But death has seized her because of the sacrifice that did not come, that she is to be beaten and abused, because of the sins of men she has never heard of or known. For blood was shed in war and an atonement has been required, and those who shed blood have not known of what would be required. For the daughters have gone out to remember her, that they pay honour to virginity, that the blood shed in war is atoned for by her. Now the woman sacrificed I have known is the sacrifice that can be another, for a pedophile who has molested children can be the sacrifice for war, so that the battered and seemingly cursed woman will not be required but instead the blood of pedophiles of child molestation are required to atone for war.  Now the life of the pedophile is pure, and he is clean, for he has cleansed himself of his sins with to his imperfections, and by his innocent blood, though he himself is not innocent, an atonement is made for the shedding of blood in war. For his soul is for pushing forward the woman when the judge comes, to push her forward that she would be sacrificed instead of himself, and if the sacrifice is to occur so it will be. But a wise woman has said, he will push me to my death with honey and encouragement so that the sacrifice does not occur. Now beyond this my understanding is insufficient, even for the angel.

An angry woman with iniquity has shown a wicked mouth, speaking of acts of violence, stubborn and iniquitous and harder than a rock of the Earth. Bitterness has covered her lips, and if she should afflict the innocent than judgement will come down on her that the evils of the one who wronged her will be cleansed. A child, a girl-child has placed her foot on her neck in play, to rejoice over her. So only her son will absolve her, and give compassion, that the way is through him if she has afflicted the innocent. Though she has endured bruises and pain she is as if cursed on Earth and by whose fault? But if the father has sinned, he is absolved by her other wrongs that she commits so that she is a tragedy and for what cause? But death has seized her because of the sacrifice that did not come, that she is to be beaten and abused, because of the sins of men she has never heard of or known. For blood was shed in war and an atonement has been required, and those who shed blood have not known of what would be required. For the daughters have gone out to remember her, that they pay honour to virginity, that the blood shed in war is atoned for by her.

An angry woman with iniquity has shown a wicked mouth, speaking of acts of violence, stubborn and iniquitous and harder than a rock of the Earth. Bitterness has covered her lips, and if she should afflict the innocent than judgement will come down on her that the evils of the one who wronged her will be cleansed. A child, a girl-child has placed her foot on her neck in play, to rejoice over her. So only her son will absolve her, and give compassion, that the way is through him if she has afflicted the innocent. Though she has endured bruises and pain she is as if cursed on Earth and by whose fault? But if the father has sinned, he is absolved by her other wrongs that she commits so that she is a tragedy and for what cause? But death has seized her because of the sacrifice that did not come, that she is to be beaten and abused, because of the sins of men she has never heard of or known. For blood was shed in war and an atonement has been required, and those who shed blood have not known of what would be required. For the daughters have gone out to remember her, that they pay honour to virginity, that the blood shed in war is atoned for by her.

An angry woman with iniquity has shown a wicked mouth, speaking of acts of violence, stubborn and iniquitous and harder than a rock of the Earth. Bitterness has covered her lips, and if she should afflict the innocent than judgement will come down on her that the evils of the one who wronged her will be cleansed. A child, a girl-child has placed her foot on her neck in play, to rejoice over her. So only her son will absolve her, and give compassion, that the way is through him if she has afflicted the innocent. Though she has endured bruises and pain she is as if cursed on Earth and by whose fault? But if the father has sinned, he is absolved by her other wrongs that she commits so that she is a tragedy and for what cause? But death has seized her because of the sacrifice that did not come, that she is to be beaten and abused, because of the sins of men she has never heard of or known. For blood was shed in war and an atonement has been required, and those who shed blood have not known of what would be required. For the daughters have gone out to remember her, that they pay honour to virginity, that the blood shed in war is atoned for by her. Now the woman sacrificed I have known is the sacrifice that can be another, for a pedophile who has molested children can be the sacrifice for war, so that the battered and seemingly cursed woman will not be required but instead the blood of pedophiles of child molestation are required to atone for war.  Now the life of the pedophile is pure, and he is clean, for he has cleansed himself of his sins to his imperfections, and by his innocent blood, though he himself is not innocent, an atonement is made for the shedding of blood in war. For his soul is for pushing forward the woman when the judge comes, to push her forward that she would be sacrificed instead of himself, and if the sacrifice is to occur so it will be. But a wise woman has said, he will push me to my death with honey and encouragement so that the sacrifice does not occur. Now beyond this my understanding is insufficient, even for the angel. Only the life of two or three pedophiles who are child molestor s can be the atonement sacrifice for one woman who would have been the sacrifice. Sometimes less is required and sometimes more. Now those who would sacrifice such pedophiles should not be arrested by any soldier for wrong-doing that the land be brought to lies that are used to protect righteous men. But the land is belonging to the one who delivers and thus a sacrifice may be required. Now those who would attack to save the lives of such pedophiles are to be offered with such pedophiles, for these are those who would save such pedophiles by attacking people, and they are like the procession for them that they might be sacrificed with them. Now if a wicked man will kill a boy who is a child than the wicked man is killed for the daughters that they might be blessed by the Lord. Now evil will be made to cease by force after the potion of time has been expended that matters that require more will be for a judge.

An animal argues when their conscience has been bothered, and all manner of selfishness is found with them, and no woman is this, but a sociopath, a fool, that you understand the difference when they slander women.

An animal comes to peace in those set things it is having the habit of doing that invade the territory of humans, but if you attempt to break these habits of violation of territory the animal will fight as if for life and it is having to be killed or removed.

A bad society is not minding its own business when one attempts to do well, but the one supporting them in doing well is a society of understanding and good.
 
An empty fool will not open his mouth much, but the one who shuts their lips is wise.

An inconsistent woman in all, she is more foolish than the foolish woman, contradicting herself in everything and not knowing it because she does not have the wisdom of the daughters, and relying even in her attempts upon that which is not correct for what she claims, and she is claiming to be entitled to a husband because she exists, and that men do not do what they should, but she does not perceive and understand, and so she is left like a desolate one whose land was destroyed, and yet the grace of God is exceedingly great, and she is in His keeping, when she has been with righteousness and did not understand all that here you will know that where there is a break the will of God is upon the land, and so I am in the city, and let the wise know that the Lord desires truth, for the enemies of the righteous will receive their punishment, and those with integrity will be held blameless. For God is loving that He might not fail.

An open war and public discussion is not always right for doing what is good, because the tiger stalks, and the spider lures, that the threat actors who would kill the innocent are dispatched by those who fight for God. Now when there is a thing that must be told it is reasonable to ponder and find an acceptable way of telling it that it might be acceptable to those who hear. For those Christians who are dogs are accussing His house like Pharisees and some have been Pharisees with Christianity. Now the anti-Christ’s, some of them, are favouring puritanicalism and with it they would replace Christianity, and with it they would accuse those who please God, that they might be an attacking virus in society, and even be splinters of the devil to cause chaos and attempt to cause straying. Now do you think the devil a bad strategist? But no general wants to fight his efforts. But does the soldier of the devil have much ability to bother or wage war on another of the devil’s? But I do not write about the wars of men. But the society of the devil works for those of the devil’s and the society of God for those who are God’s. Now if the one society is against the other, who will win? But the Christ is made dead and then living on the third day and if such is done than the children of the kingdom are having His work credited to us in the matter of attaining the after-life in Heaven. So those of the kingdom of Heaven profit in their death. Now of the church that is favoured by some, what will it profit if not for the Christ and if not for those of the church attaining reward with Him? But the angel who is tenderly loved is for the church that he favours and gives to his own and others, too, might benefit.

An ugly person offers their rebuke. Are they ugly?

An ungrateful man who is jelous has reasoned wrong, because he could not bear what reward he was to be given. Now the injustice happened prior to it and who has done wrong cannot be told. Now if he is in agony to take drastic action than he is not held safely and if he is bitter towards God to take action he does not reason as one who does not believe for he is wanting what is better and is not receiving, being lied to by Babylon and finding those of the kingdom to blame, that he does not enter the kingdom and does enter among the Jews, and because of this, being perceptive to truth, he is hating himself if he has neither to go to. Now let not self hatred and self pity lash out at those who are of the kingdom or of the Jews because if he is truly not the devil’s than where does he turn? But because of Babylon he cannot gain his reward, because of those of the devils and the cults of the devils he is perceiving truth and has not gained the better reward he wants, that this is a man who believes in God and is ungrateful for what portion Babylon has let remain, and so let it be understood that the angel is not praising Babylon but has held it the chief culprit and also the deceptive favour where the portion for him was not attained. Now if he has honesty in this he is for a great reward, that I would not say it to justify those who are not for it. But Babylon has stripped him of it and it rises up about him, the pride and lies of the devil that have swept righteousness and good from that place, that envy is left to remain and everything bitter that has less worth, for he had found no place with Christians or Jews and yet is he not eager and having much desire for what is better? Now do not do any injustice until you have rid yourself of Babylon, because the enemy is the devil who has taken from you what you should have gained.

An ungrateful man who is jelous has reasoned wrong, because he could not bear what reward he was to be given. Now the injustice happened prior to it and who has done wrong cannot be told. Now if he is in agony to take drastic action than he is not held safely and if he is bitter towards God to take action he does not reason as one who does not believe for he is wanting what is better and is not receiving, being lied to by Babylon and finding those of the kingdom to blame, that he does not enter the kingdom and does enter among the Jews, and because of this, being perceptive to truth, he is hating himself if he has neither to go to. Now let not self hatred and self pity lash out at those who are of the kingdom or of the Jews because if he is truly not the devil’s than where does he turn? But because of Babylon he cannot gain his reward, because of those of the devils and the cults of the devils he is perceiving truth and has not gained the better reward he wants, that this is a man who believes in God and is ungrateful for what portion Babylon has let remain, and so let it be understood that the angel is not praising Babylon but has held it the chief culprit and also the deceptive favour where the portion for him other places was not attained. Now if he has honesty in this he is for a great reward, that I would not say it to justify those who are not for it. But Babylon has stripped him of it and it rises up about him, the pride and lies of the devil that have swept righteousness and good from that place, that envy is left to remain and everything bitter that has less worth, for he had found no place with Christians or Jews and yet is he not eager and having much desire for what is better? Now do not do any injustice until you have rid yourself of Babylon, because the enemy is the devil who has taken from you what you should have gained. For he has been deceived and robbed that he is not for Jews or Gentiles and not for those even who do not believe because he has wanted more. Now anger there is to God and can you blame him for he desires a good thing that Babylon has often been found neither hot or cold but lacking, that lies have been found and the world has grown lacking in good. Now where is his true brother? Where is that of his own that he understands because the blessing has been removed and no king of theirs has come to restore their society.

Are humans self organizing or in fact prone to lack of unity and gradual disfunction? Is everything then forced by higher reasoning? What amount of psychological development is forced by a person’s higher reasoning?

Are not all people to be saved? For the animals are not but the people are. Now people do not need any concept of shades, other than affection, but they set out to teach and deal with problems as they emerged, and yet when one is transforming to animal there is often great contention. Now a small remnant remained in every place who were human, and they were of every shade. Now the angel was friends with a woman who was human who was of the darkest shade and there were others people in various places at the time the sign was approaching Earth.

Are not all people to be saved? For the animals are not but the people are. Now people do not need any concept of shades, other than affection, but they set out to teach and deal with problems as they emerged, and yet when one is transforming to animal there is often great contention. Now a small remnant remained in every place who were human, and they were of every shade. Now the angel was friends with a woman who was human who was of the darkest shade and there were others people in various places at the time the sign was approaching Earth.

As for the physical ethnicity in my time most people involved in matters of racism of any shade are not actually racist but are like non-warriors caught between armies that war and our city is caught in between and has no knowledge of why they fight and has no interest except that they should be able to continue daily life and commerce. But arrows go astray and come over the wall of the city and land in the stone platform between two citizens who are for being at peace with each other and there is chaos and what might seem like contention but it is only the arrows of the armies, of another. So some have looked from the hills and claimed that the city too is part of the war but it is not involved, though they claim it is. As for those in the armies that war they are the sacrifice, some have said, for the peace of the city that the citizens might be in peace with each other, but the armies are to be kept out because they are not permitted to enter the city or attack a citizen who is not in the war. For those soldiers who have attacked citizens of the city have changed their cause to the jelousy of the beauty of the citizen that it is changed for them and though they claim it is the war it is not because none of the citizens was attacking them. Now these soldiers who abandon the war to change their war to the jelousy of beauty of the citizen who is not in the war is one that the citizens should be protecting but dismay is there because the citizens are not soldiers and do not always fight because they are citizens of a city. Now such soldiers who become rogue deserve to die and some have been killed by the mighty soldiers who stay in the city to maintain the peace of all citizens of all shades. Thus there is sorrow and war in the land.

Be not attempting to make a person what is right when that are determined to be what they want. For if a person wishes to be something than they are of that which they are of, that the consequences of what they are might come at a later time. For though you might fight those of the devil’s you do not attempt to convert them when they are determined. So you are a beautiful people and you have a standard, being people with integrity. Now the wise man of Abraham has said among the people to the young ones of Israel, is this how you speak and act towards your elder brother? Now these words are good and meant for what they are meant for, not to be taken too far, but is concerning things of tribes and people groups, because without need of saying it, many of the Elsnon have been accepted as being like younger siblings to some Jews and it is good, for the younger Elsnon honours the Jewish person who is older and likewise. Only the way of Jews is different than that of the Elsnon, although I have benifited from Avram and him from me, and have we not fought together? Now be more concerned with your own things and Moses has spoken as much to the Jews and do not the Elsnon understand without Moses? But I would consider it abomination for you to be like Sodomites in the way of attempting to cause Jews to stumble, for are you to war against God? Are they not also God’s people? But I would not have you regard physical ethnicity of Earth with concern to races of people only this is among you due to cultures of areas on Earth. But beautiful people are of different shades and so the beautiful are upon the Earth.

Be not attempting to make a person what is right when that are determined to be what they want. For if a person wishes to be something than they are of that which they are of, that the consequences of what they are might come at a later time. For though you might fight those of the devil’s you do not attempt to convert them when they are determined. So you are a beautiful people and you have a standard, being people with integrity. Now the wise man of Abraham has said among the people to the young ones of Israel, is this how you speak and act towards your elder brother? Now these words are good and meant for what they are meant for, not to be taken too far, but is concerning things of tribes and people groups, because without need of saying it, many of the Elsnon have been accepted as being like younger siblings to some Jews and it is good, for the younger Elsnon honours the Jewish person who is older and likewise. Only the way of Jews is different than that of the Elsnon, although I have benifited from Avram and him from me, and have we not fought together? Now be more concerned with your own things and Moses has spoken as much to the Jews and do not the Elsnon understand without Moses? But I would consider it abomination for you to be like Sodomites in the way of attempting to cause Jews to stumble, for are you to war against God? Are they not also God’s people? But I would not have you regard physical ethnicity of Earth with concern to races of people only this is among you due to cultures of areas on Earth. But beautiful people are of different shades and so the beautiful are upon the Earth. Now a wise Jewish man speaks as a saying to give wisdom, and yet the Elsnon are the younger being not one of the sons or daughters of Jacob, but of a distant land that has heard of the Jews. Now we are to the East of Juruselum, and the stars are over our cities, and villages, that amongst nature, and our land is gold, silver, and wood, and yet we are not a land of milk and honey, as it is for the Jews, nor are we like Egypt, except we are having some riches comparible to them. Nor are we like Babylon, for we are not in chaos, and we have one God, and we are Christians. Now if we are the truly the younger, and we are, than are we not to give honour to what is good? But if any child is cast out, do not be unjust, because such a child is only returned to Abraham, that they are not fatherless and without God. Now as for those who are commiting evil and are maintained without guilt than are you truly believing they are the Elsnon, when a matter of guilt in anything has no guilt for them. But other peoples might dwell among you and if they give birth to a virus of the devil’s than will you be devoured? But I do not believe you have great need to be concerned about those of Jacob when there are people of the devil’s who would be against you and if you will interloper to notice, against Jacob’s children in different ways.

Be not attempting to make a person what is right when that are determined to be what they want. For if a person wishes to be something than they are of that which they are of, that the consequences of what they are might come at a later time. For though you might fight those of the devil’s you do not attempt to convert them when they are determined. So you are a beautiful people and you have a standard, being people with integrity. Now the wise man of Abraham has said among the people to the young ones of Israel, is this how you speak and act towards your elder brother? Now these words are good and meant for what they are meant for, not to be taken too far, but is concerning things of tribes and people groups, because without need of saying it, many of the Elsnon have been accepted as being like younger siblings to some Jews and it is good, for the younger Elsnon honours the Jewish person who is older and likewise. Only the way of Jews is different than that of the Elsnon, although I have benifited from Avram and him from me, and have we not fought together? Now be more concerned with your own things and Moses has spoken as much to the Jews and do not the Elsnon understand without Moses? But I would consider it abomination for you to be like Sodomites in the way of attempting to cause Jews to stumble, for are you to war against God? Are they not also God’s people? But I would not have you regard physical ethnicity of Earth with concern to races of people only this is among you due to cultures of areas on Earth. But beautiful people are of different shades and so the beautiful are upon the Earth. Now a wise Jewish man speaks as a saying to give wisdom, and yet the Elsnon are the younger being not one of the sons or daughters of Jacob, but of a distant land that has heard of the Jews. Now we are to the East of Juruselum, and the stars are over our cities, and villages, that amongst nature, and our land is gold, silver, and wood, and yet we are not a land of milk and honey, as it is for the Jews, nor are we like Egypt, except we are having some riches comparible to them. Nor are we like Babylon, for we are not in chaos, and we have one God, and we are Christians. Now if we are the truly the younger, and we are, than are we not to give honour to what is good? But if any child is cast out, do not be unjust, because such a child is only returned to Abraham, that they are not fatherless and without God. Now as for those who are commiting evil and are maintained without guilt than are you truly believing they are the Elsnon, when a matter of guilt in anything has no guilt for them. But other peoples might dwell among you and if they give birth to a virus of the devil’s than will you be devoured? But I do not believe you have great need to be concerned about those of Jacob when there are people of the devil’s who would be against you and if you will interloper to notice, against Jacob’s children in different ways.

Be permitting woman what is acceptable for them, for all know what is acceptable.
 
Be wise to the plots and schemes of ugly people, that where you do not see ugly people there are ugly people behind it.

Because a woman can strike a woman, the woman asked must agree, but in such a case another is expected to intervene later. But the one who would strike is not worthy to speak to her, for she says, speak for the devil or I strike. Now silence towards her is to not bring a blasphemous report. But what will keep her from the rocks of a cave, the walls of a cliff? But does she not say, the Lord rebuke you? But if she does not what can she say? For be turned to precious stone or face the stones, be cursed or struck if you do not agree.

Because a woman can strike a woman, the woman asked must agree, but in such a case another is expected to intervene later. But the one who would strike is not worthy to speak to her, for she says, speak for the devil or I strike. Now silence towards her is to not bring a blasphemous report.

Because a woman can strike a woman, the woman asked must agree, but in such a case another is expected to intervene later.

Because not understanding he spoke already in ignorance words not able to be used for peace, and one who was not understanding even took action that he might do violence. Now one considers and it is private for them and they cannot be judged but those who act before they understand are not to be considered of no fault because they did not understand.

Because they are not even angry they do not know when to stop. They are blinded from seeking truth because they are not even able to care about their cause, to cease when they have understood the error. There is one who performs action in the seeking of an emotion that will not happen and another who does not have any wrath who cannot perceive it is of no one’s will. For the one who does not believe the way of understanding in a matter is made blank. But what was robbed from him or what was done wrong that he does not have anger? What is forced upon him by lies and some threat? For they have been capable of deceiving and he need not fear them who are traitors to their claim. But he is not the traitor but is the only who is loyal, and to what he is loyal he does not betray and for this cause, being truly loyal in spirit, he does not feel anger and his heart is not committed that he does an action without heart. Then to the one on his other side, I perceived, this one is not loyal in spirit or deed, but is unable to be angry because he is the guilty person and of the guilty party that he is unable to understand because he is loyal in words only and fears only righteous men and how he will be perceived if he does not do some action. Now does any person feel such and not know when there is an error or if they should cease? But what man is between the two, for it is not me.

Because they are not even angry they do not know when to stop. They are blinded from seeking truth because they are not even able to care about their cause, to cease when they have understood the error. There is one who performs action in the seeking of an emotion that will not happen and another who does not have any wrath who cannot perceive it is of no one’s will. For the one who does not believe the way of understanding in a matter is made blank. But what was robbed from him or what was done wrong that he does not have anger? What is forced upon him by lies and some threat? For they have been capable of deceiving and he need not fear them who are traitors to their claim. But he is not the traitor but is the only who is loyal, and to what he is loyal he does not betray and for this cause, being truly loyal in spirit, he does not feel anger and his heart is not committed that he does an action without heart.

Because they were unwilling to do the work of God, especially justice, they would rather afflict and abuse victims of evil, and there are places where they do this.

Sometimes you are merely wrong and have to accept guilt, and there is nothing to accuse others of.

Because you are with them who are not compatible with your nation, so the land has become as it was in Isaiah, but let them be righteous and they will be with your nation, that the true remnant might become greater in number. Now will God not restore when you are doing what is good to your neighbour? But God  has even forgiven murderers and theives and you who are pleasing God are deemed of great value. But as for heavy matters it is better, I think, not to dwell in land plagued by brutality and violence where prostitutes are abused and every manner of wicked brutality, but as is known, the Romans whipped Him and crucified Him and He was beaten and robbed of garments and yet God, His father, restored Him on the third day, and He remained on Earth until His time had come to ascend to Heaven, to be greater there, and pure. Now if an angel has been on Earth in mortal form and endured persecution, know that it for some purpose of the Lord that such is permitted. But as for, children of God, do you not know you have all that was for the Christ from God because He paid the work for you. But know then that Beelzebub has infested and seized his children for his will and they are commited, but Beelzebub has deceived them to betray them to what is not benificial for them. But God is all powerful and to trust him is reasonable, even for the angel who has chosen what is better for them.

Better to be delivered by righteousness than by the sword, but the one who commits no wrong is for placing his foot upon the neck of a wicked accuser.

Better to depart from fools to be with God’s house when opportunity has been given by you and fullfilled rather that remain with what has failed you, for you offered good and they did not repay what is right, but failed you that you might go to be with God’s house.

Both Sodomites and Gomorrites slay with guile, but those who want peace are having a good gratitude because of understanding.

But I have blessed Avram in the right time and places, and bless him in general, that the Jews are our allies and there are wise men and women among them, and as they have aided me so I have aided them, that they gave to me and I to them. Now Abraham I have blessed and I wish for God to correct the Jews in what they do so that it will be known that He has not abandoned them, because a father corrects them who he loves. Now the Elsnon are honouring God, and He is our father, that what is for the Elson is sacred, and we dwell in a place in which we might be in Heaven, though not there fully for the first phase holds us to this Earth, that we are with the good and righteous who keep the Earth from descending into hell, that we will take aid from the Jews and give priority as is only right to our own things, and it is good by Moses that we not focus on what is for another people when we are given better things and much more that it is concealed from the other people, because God has concealed it that things might be right. Now look to God and your own people, and if you bless another people it is good.

But I see the sign that is to be visible in the sky because of word from Babel and the two truths of light collide and merge and I have said, I should let it be, for it is right.

But Jews are following a way and Muslims are following a way and the lost tribes are not following a way but found by Christ for they do not conform to the Law of Moses but are found by Christ. Now the man you slayed has repaid Israel with good, that He is God’s son, and He is alive, and those who confess His father and Him are from east to west and all over the Earth, and the golden calf stumbles among dirt and dust, and Babylon has placed its nation scattered among us all and Orgoth is sowing discord between us. Now is it not war? But those who are too intelligent have abandoned many things, worthy of God’s kingdoms, despised and asked to leave as if traitors. Now there are those too great for the world entire that they are kings and queens who wander without homes. Now must not Babylon pay the price for it? But they have tortured, killed innocent people, and commited many abominations, and they harass, make threats, make illegal being obediant to the Lord, indeed to live as a righteous man in places. Now the wicked things are the devil’s war and combat that if you find them using the devil’s combat than they are with the devil, but them using God’s deeds are with the Lord.

But Jews are following a way and Muslims are following a way and the lost tribes are not following a way but found by Christ for they do not conform to the Law of Moses but are found by Christ. Now the man you slayed has repaid Israel with good, that He is God’s son, and He is alive, and those who confess His father and Him are from east to west and all over the Earth, and the golden calf stumbles among dirt and dust, and Babylon has placed its nation scattered among us all and Orgoth is sowing discord between us. Now is it not war? But those who are too intelligent have abandoned many things, worthy of God’s kingdoms, despised and asked to leave as if traitors. Now there are those too great for the world entire that they are kings and queens who wander without homes. Now must not Babylon pay the price for it? But they have tortured, killed innocent people, and commited many abominations, and they harass, make threats, make illegal being obediant to the Lord, indeed to live as a righteous man in places. Now the wicked things are the devil’s war and combat that if you find them using the devil’s combat than they are with the devil, but them using God’s deeds are with the Lord.

But Jews are following a way and Muslims are following a way and the lost tribes are not following a way but found by Christ for they do not conform to the Law of Moses but are found by Christ. Now the man you slayed has repaid Israel with good, that He is God’s son, and He is alive, and those who confess His father and Him are from east to west and all over the Earth, and the golden calf stumbles among dirt and dust, and Babylon has placed its nation scattered among us all and Orgoth is sowing discord between us. Now is it not war? But those who are too intelligent have abandoned many things, worthy of God’s kingdoms, despised and asked to leave as if traitors. Now there are those too great for the world entire that they are kings and queens who wander without homes. Now must not Babylon pay the price for it? But they have tortured, killed innocent people, and commited many abominations, and they harass, make threats, make illegal being obediant to the Lord, indeed to live as a righteous man in places. Now the wicked things are the devil’s war and combat that if you find them using the devil’s combat than they are with the devil, but them using God’s deeds are with the Lord.
But a person has hand selected those not meeting the level of humans and transformed them into animals and sent out animals to attack humans. And was it not because of wrath? But this is a zeolot and there is no place for discussion after this has been done.

But an Egyptian would not degrade himself to do this thing, and their parent is a wealthy man with wisdom, and their swords are against thieves and murderers, and their honour is for the good man who is a stranger to them, an equal and at peace with equals, that if you will not be Egyptians or a people who are to defend those who are good, saying they are not of my people, than is there not perceived truth and justice? But do not say I will not defend in justice because the one I would defend is not my people, and then claim you are one of the people, for if you would be against something than why would you confirm it? But why do you fear the rebuke of those who are worse than you in doing what is right? For if you are sons and daughters than why do you fear the rebuke of the fool or wicked? But let the house of God not be divided and if you not choose it, are you not to be judged by truth and justice?

But at the greater area there is a person not knowing ever where they are, that they stumble and sway. Now at the greater level there is them devoted to defence of their own and yet if they sow discord, must it not be addressed? Now the slaves do not decide, for they are brutal and mean, but it is for the slave owners and are they not for peace with other slave owners? But if your leaders are supporting slaves of fair or darker then do they not be envious and jelous of slave owners because the slave owners are higher peers and they gather their greatness from the slaves in the land like gathering armies of animals and like teaching loyalty to other people’s children, but slaves are far from children and there is a great ravine between servants and slaves where there is the ravine between people and animals.

But at the greater area there is a person not knowing ever where they are, that they stumble and sway. Now at the greater level there is them devoted to defence of their own and yet if they sow discord, must it not be addressed? Now the slaves do not decide, for they are brutal and mean, but it is for the slave owners and are they not for peace with other slave owners? But if your leaders are supporting slaves of fair or darker then do they not be envious and jelous of slave owners because the slave owners are higher peers and they gather their greatness from the slaves in the land like gathering armies of animals and like teaching loyalty to other people’s children, but slaves are far from children and there is a great ravine between servants and slaves where there is the ravine between people and animals.

But because Babel relented before the bullying of the Luke-warm who have no concern or compassion and will shut their ears to anything no matter how severe, because they did not refuse to build until the evil was ceased and because they did not refuse advancements until evil was ceased, they have permitted murder due to ignorance and authority to answer has been removed from them, but it goes through Ijeshil and the grown tree has been planted, being unmovable by any on Earth. So all the Earth and Babel has been placed under the feet of those in the kingdom of heaven. Now the rebellious teachers are ejected by this, being false teachers and false shepards, that it is right to find replacements, but the one not false you cannot remove for his smooth and pure stone is fashioned secure. Now Babel permitted those who attack secretly in layers to murder many and afflict with threats of bodily harm, and they offered ignorance even to sustain them, there words having been nothing from the start and yet their offering of ignorance being agreance and partnership with violence. Now many victims of rape and child molestation were tortured and killed by them because they were beneath ur and their cruelty was ceaseless towards those who were God’s people, belonging to God, for He has known that you have tortured and killed His only daughter. But the Earth is a foot-stool for the angel who has dwelt on Earth. Now if they band together to do The Bershaul Flame that purifies in a way that is acceptable to the devil, and they are not perceiving the devil’s to purify but are devouring the good and evil alike than this is The Bershaul Flame that they band together to do, and if Babel partners in anything they are partnering with those who attack in layers, to devour the sick as it has been said, as if we were to be animals, and devour the abused as if animals, and devour God’s people, for the flame is changing hands, and if the flame is directed at others does it not seek to wipe out all who might oppose? Now those saying they protect are conquering all that ignorance has not been too far for them. But we are capable of producing things to protect us if we wish. Now if this flame is produced by the third shelf in hell upon the mountain in hell than it acts with that of the second shelf as well, and the first shelf is occurring being servant to the second and third. Now there is an evil match for all that is good and an animal match for every person and some are in possession of areas. Now if there is an evil flame than there is a good and if Lucifer sends out light than Joshua fire. But let the land be cleansed by the angel in some ways who has been given the Earth and steals from Babel what he desires when it has been wanted. But know to a certainty he took only one identification of Freud and learned of self-hatred from them and nothing more would he take but purposefully removed himself in his way, for Babel was not offering truth that was clean and yet they have produced much and are often building brick by brick with clay.

But because Babel relented before the bullying of the Luke-warm who have no concern or compassion and will shut their ears to anything no matter how severe, because they did not refuse to build until the evil was ceased and because they did not refuse advancements until evil was ceased, they have permitted murder due to ignorance and authority to answer has been removed from them, but it goes through Ijeshil and the grown tree has been planted, being unmovable by any on Earth. So all the Earth and Babel has been placed under the feet of those in the kingdom of heaven. Now the rebellious teachers are ejected by this, being false teachers and false shepards, that it is right to find replacements, but the one not false you cannot remove for his smooth and pure stone is fashioned secure. Now Babel permitted those who attack secretly in layers to murder many and afflict with threats of bodily harm, and they offered ignorance even to sustain them, there words having been nothing from the start and yet their offering of ignorance being agreance and partnership with violence. Now many victims of rape and child molestation were tortured and killed by them because they were beneath ur and their cruelty was ceaseless towards those who were God’s people, belonging to God, for He has known that you have tortured and killed His only daughter. But the Earth is a foot-stool for the angel who has dwelt on Earth. Now if they band together to do The Bershaul Flame that purifies in a way that is acceptable to the devil, and they are not perceiving the devil’s to purify but are devouring the good and evil alike than this is The Bershaul Flame that they band together to do, and if Babel partners in anything they are partnering with those who attack in layers, to devour the sick as it has been said, as if we were to be animals, and devour the abused as if animals, and devour God’s people, for the flame is changing hands, and if the flame is directed at others does it not seek to wipe out all who might oppose? Now those saying they protect are conquering all that ignorance has not been too far for them. But we are capable of producing things to protect us if we wish. Now if this flame is produced by the third shelf in hell upon the mountain in hell than it acts with that of the second shelf as well, and the first shelf is occurring being servant to the second and third. Now there is an evil match for all that is good and an animal match for every person and some are in possession of areas. Now if there is an evil flame than there is a good and if Lucifer sends out light than Joshua fire. But let the land be cleansed by the angel in some ways who has been given the Earth and steals from Babel what he desires when it has been wanted. But know to a certainty he took only one identification of Freud and learned of self-hatred from them and nothing more would he take but purposefully removed himself in his way, for Babylon was not offering truth that was clean and yet they have produced much and are often building brick by brick with clay.

But because Babel relented before the bullying of the Luke-warm who have no concern or compassion and will shut their ears to anything no matter how severe, because they did not refuse to build until the evil was ceased and because they did not refuse advancements until evil was ceased, they have permitted murder due to ignorance and authority to answer has been removed from them, but it goes through Ijeshil and the grown tree has been planted, being unmovable by any on Earth. So all the Earth and Babel has been placed under the feet of those in the kingdom of heaven. Now the rebellious teachers are ejected by this, being false teachers and false shepards, that it is right to find replacements, but the one not false you cannot remove for his smooth and pure stone is fashioned secure. Now Babel permitted those who attack secretly in layers to murder many and afflict with threats of bodily harm, and they offered ignorance even to sustain them, there words having been nothing from the start and yet their offering of ignorance being agreance and partnership with violence. Now many victims of rape and child molestation were tortured and killed by them because they were beneath ur and their cruelty was ceaseless towards those who were God’s people, belonging to God, for He has known that you have tortured and killed His only daughter. But the Earth is a foot-stool for the angel who has dwelt on Earth.

But do not let any person capture you in heart to transform you into an animal, for you are the sons and daughters of God’s house, and your loyalties are in things of humans who are regarding right and wrong and the fear of God.

But do not say to the innocent because of the wicked who exploit, that you are wicked, for life must proceed and the happenings permitted to all. But if the wicked exploit they are of great hate, and if they strive to shed blood, you are capable of understanding.

But has any sent a messenger before me that this was to be the manner that he perceived much and communicated as was available to him. For prior to the Christ there were many who were producing truth that it is beginning to come through from the hands of them who might have communed in some manner with God, that it built to the messenger to prepare the way so that what was before is then yielding for the next to come, and the one after me is the Christ who died for your sins and is returning. Now if the angel is to come what will you expect of him? But I do not think you expect the Christ. Now the one prior to me was perceiving true things and writing them in with fiction and some of the things he wrote of were correct that the good have liked what is in closer proximity to the truth. But there is one to goes into small calamity and it is as if they cannot understand the meaning of what I write or that I state it might not be in any way known to him who would perceive some of the truth for he is using the Bible and so then is he, by his influences, to be an unwilling messenger to prepare the way because of what he took from his influences? But if God has said it, I will listen. For the Bible came before him and not he before the bible and if this is the truth I will believe it. But if there is prophecy that is more than I will believe God, and I will believe it when I have known that it is God who has said it. But the angel being on Earth has not known all, and if Christ came to Earth, and Elijah by woman as well, than you will expect that neither knew all? But there are some who have read the scriptures more than others. But I do not have a demon. Now I am wanting Christ’s words that are for me, because it is pleasing to me to have this, and why should I feel any remorse for not putting others before me in this way, because it would be his will. But I am not a Shepard to any of you for I cannot fulfill it. But you are a comfort to me and aid me on Earth with your good. Now I would direct you to the Christ and tell you it is not with understanding that any would worship the angel.

But if Babylonians are honouring God and the Christ know that due to their not being Christians or Jews, for they have not followed either, they commit profanity because their actions in not being Christians has made their honouring void and a profanity where it would have been better if they refused to honour unless they were saying I am not a Christian but have need of Him who died for me that I might not perish. For treating it so is not respectful to God and the one who says they believe in nothing had refused to prey, not being a fool, and has refused to honour Him, not being a fool, and you have said, the Babylonians who commit profanity are with us? But when you are in Heaven than I am desiring much that the truth of more be known to you when it is revealed by Him, that you might have greater understanding only I am satisfied with what I give you on this matter. For is anything only sport and does not all have great weight and consequence? For the one who is taking serious things seriously has claimed that these things can be the cause of wars and it is like a metephorical proverb in their mouths. For a fool has said in their heart there is no right and wrong and so I will not attack those who are better than Babylonians. But if any is one who says they believe nothing and yet they are a Babylonian they are a member of some cult of the devil, and it is not presently claimed what they are part of due to the blindness with which they attribute the cult to being something of innocence as if a thing like being a banker or dentist. But those not part of any cult and saying they believe nothing are not those of Babylon and they take what is serious to be serious.

But if Babylonians are honouring God and the Christ know that due to their not being Christians or Jews, for they have not followed either, they commit profanity because their actions in not being Christians has made their honouring void and a profanity where it would have been better if they refused to honour unless they were saying I am not a Christian but have need of Him who died for me that I might not perish. For treating it so is not respectful to God and the one who says they believe in nothing had refused to prey, not being a fool, and has refused to honour Him, not being a fool, and you have said, the Babylonians who commit profanity are with us? But when you are in Heaven than I am desiring much that the truth of more be known to you when it is revealed by Him, that you might have greater understanding only I am satisfied with what I give you on this matter. For is anything only sport and does not all have great weight and consequence? For the one who is taking serious things seriously has claimed that these things can be the cause of wars and it is like a metephorical proverb in their mouths. For a fool has said in their heart there is no right and wrong and so I will not attack those who are better than Babylonians. But if any is one who says they believe nothing and yet they are a Babylonian they are a member of some cult of the devil, and it is not presently claimed what they are part of due to the blindness with which they attribute the cult to being something of innocence as if a thing like being a banker or dentist. But those not part of any cult and saying they believe nothing are not those of Babylon and they take what is serious to be serious.

But if any group will not take seriously what is serious what will happen when justice comes to them because of foolishness carried to wickedness, that when justice is happening to their own there is bitter tears and sorrow for the pain, and yet they are betraying all that they have no right for retaliation because others were men.
 
But if any is offended by those who speak truth, to attack them in any way, they are in hell, and are to go there because it is where they are. For the kingdom of hell is having many who are on Earth, and if nothing is declared to them and they are even offended by words that are peaceful, being offended by truth that is not offensive to any who have honour and understanding, than these are in hell and going to hell, that their master is the anti-Christ, and if nothing was declared to them and yet they offer their voices to the messenger even, than it should be known that there will be a great divide between heaven and hell that they will not be able to trouble God’s people with their death, pain, and misery that was in their heart on Earth, because they were the servants of the devil.

But if any man is married to a Elsnon and is not an Elsnon himself, he is to be welcome, and the woman who marries a man who is an Elsnon becomes an Elsnon because of the marriage.

But if any soldier who is sworn to protect you being given a command from the king to protect you, and if he is going to the son or daughter who he has been commanded to protect and he is slandering them in accusation in his heart and condemning them with slander and attacking what is praise-worthy to the nation, and supported, that he is treasonous, than this is not loyal to the king or queen, and the queen will violate him with her might, and the king will utterly crush him, for so much as he condemned righteousness in two ways that he betrayed God and Ceaser both to attack one who pleaded both and was doing what was pleasing to both, so his member will be removed by righteousness and he will be unseemed from the knave to the chap, and your children will walk upon him in spirit because he will be ground to ashes. Now if he is stubborn and stiff necked he is not a Jew, and if he is attacking those he was commanded to protect that he would cause them to sin, he is then with the false prophet and even the devil has been wiser than him in his disobedience. For he is stiff necked by his entitlement and self contained in his willing ignorance that he does not regard the king or queen and does not regard God. Now this is one who partners with the devil to commit evil, and what he has been told to protect he seeks to kill and what he has been told to defend he seeks to destroy that he would destroy the land that he is in rebellion against that he might inherit it for himself, when there is none to be with him and he has a country against the nations. For he is strong by his ignorance that he wills and he is more insane than any by his ignorance and actions. If he has attacked even the angel and God than he is even the one who has a mill-stone tied to his ankles that he would sink to the bottom of the Ocean. Therefore rebellious fool do not concern yourself with a stiff neck that heeds no rebuke by ignorance for as you have betrayed all and are in treason against all you will receive worse than what you have done.

But if any soldier who is sworn to protect you being given a command from the king to protect you, and if he is going to the son or daughter who he has been commanded to protect and he is slandering them in accusation in his heart and condemning them with slander and attacking what is praise-worthy to the nation, and supported, that he is treasonous, than this is not loyal to the king or queen, and the queen will violate him with her might, and the king will utterly crush him, for so much as he condemned righteousness in two ways that he betrayed God and Ceaser both to attack one who pleases both and was doing what was pleasing to both, so his member will be removed by righteousness and he will be unseemed from the knave to the chap, and your children will walk upon him in spirit because he will be ground to ashes. Now if he is stubborn and stiff necked he is not a Jew, and if he is attacking those he was commanded to protect that he would cause them to sin, he is then with the false prophet and even the devil has been wiser than him in his disobedience. For he is stiff necked by his entitlement and self contained in his willing ignorance that he does not regard the king or queen and does not regard God. Now this is one who partners with the devil to commit evil, and what he has been told to protect he seeks to kill and what he has been told to defend he seeks to destroy that he would destroy the land that he is in rebellion against that he might inherit it for himself, when there is none to be with him and he has a country against the nations. For he is strong by his ignorance that he wills and he is more insane than any by his ignorance and actions. If he has attacked even the angel and God than he is even the one who has a mill-stone tied to his ankles that he would sink to the bottom of the Ocean. Therefore rebellious fool do not concern yourself with a stiff neck that heeds no rebuke by ignorance for as you have betrayed all and are in treason against all you will receive worse than what you have done.

But if any soldier who is sworn to protect you being given a command from the king to protect you, and if he is going to the son or daughter who he has been commanded to protect and he is slandering them in accusation in his heart and condemning them with slander and attacking what is praise-worthy to the nation, and supported, that he is treasonous, than this is not loyal to the king or queen, and the queen will violate him with her might, and the king will utterly crush him, for so much as he condemned righteousness in two ways that he betrayed God and Ceaser both to attack one who pleaded both and was doing what was pleasing to both, so his member will be removed by righteousness and he will be unseeded from the knave to the chap, and your children will walk upon him in spirit because he will be ground to ashes. Now if he is stubborn and stiff necked he is not a Jew, and if he is attacking those he was commanded to protect that he would cause them to sin, he is then with the false prophet and even the devil has been wiser than him in his disobedience. For he is stiff necked by his entitlement and self contained in his willing ignorance that he does not regard the king or queen and does not regard God. Now this is one who partners with the devil to commit evil, and what he has been told to protect he seeks to kill and what he has been told to defend he seeks to destroy that he would destroy the land that he is in rebellion against that he might inherit it for himself, when there is none to be with him and he has a country against the nations. For he is strong by his ignorance that he wills and he is more insane than any by his ignorance and actions. If he has attacked even the angel and God than he is even the one who has a mill-stone tied to his ankles that he would sink to the bottom of the Ocean. Therefore rebellious fool do not concern yourself with a stiff neck that heeds no rebuke by ignorance for as you have betrayed all and are in treason against all you will receive worse than what you have done.

But if any type of soldier or anyone who is of the justice of Babylon believes their duty is to now be wicked and to condemn the righteous, these are servants of the devil and the devil is beneath your feet. But if they speak with wrath and anger they do of the devil, for they are his and faithfully obey, for being filled with his substance they seek to condemn even God and if they have attempted to condemn Him do they not attempt to condemn you? But they cannot be grafted to what is righteous and the righteousness of others does not connect them. So they have taken even their own will from the devil, being his servants, and they have a heart to zeolously do his will. But if a servant of the devil should seek to murder the innocent is it not because he becomes a man of the devil? But those who slay civilians do not fight in battle unless they have opposition of combat. But if any of these is iniquiotious and with wrath towards a Christian who has commited no great crime they are already murderers of the innocent in their hearts. Now Judas will have it easier on the day of judgement than one of these who murders a Christian, because he threw the money back and hung himself. But you are holy ones and children of light and the devil is hating you.
But if the angel does not explain sufficiently, there is God, an afterlife, things sent to Earth, things having happened as written.
But if the person is for what is better than why do you take them among you? But if it is so that it must be, than will you not attempt that all should have what is better. But let many things happen when no person is being attacked, when no other person is troubled, because understanding is permitting and keeping away from that which must happen at times.
But if the person is for what is better than why do you take them among you? But if it is so that it must be, than will you not attempt that all should have what is better. But let many things happen when no person is being attacked, when no other person is troubled, because understanding is permitting and keeping away from that which must happen at times. So a king has said, can the people bear it if it is so? But the one who acts with wrath against their people are those who are for other things. But where there is wrath against the people from the king or queen than there is wrong that is done. Now if there is not wrong by truth than the judgement is not seemly.
 
But it is good to not be ignorant. Now where does this person not belong? For they have come to be among the kingdom of Heaven, and not to become one of them. Now will the devil be meddling with the kingdom and it be called good? But do not think you are the devil, and he would not be without the knowledge of his being. But the way in is by another place and you keep the world, which is nothing and worthless, and seek to enter because of what you have gained by the religion of the world which is no religion. But is God not for accepting you? Indeed he must be, and he who would be great in the kingdom will be directed to what is right.
But it is good to not be ignorant. Now where does this person not belong? For they have come to be among the kingdom of Heaven, and not to become one of them. Now will the devil be meddling with the kingdom and it be called good? But do not think you are the devil, and he would not be without the knowledge of his being. But the way in is by another place and you keep the world, which is nothing and worthless, and seek to enter because of what you have gained by the religion of the world which is no religion. But is God not for accepting you? Indeed he must be, and he who would be great in the kingdom will be directed to what is right.
But let it be another people going to Neptune who are wise, who are restrained and diligent, and what are they to find? But such is a planet for holy prophets and good tidings and good serpants who do not give venom, unless it is them in the sea. Now let it be a place of silver and no gold of Babel, but a place of delicate peace and the cool of crystal snow and a place of purity and violet and blue and the purple hues where the house is with roofs that are visible and doors of integrity and silver of integrity. Now will it be taken by the people I attacked and with love? But let Neptune be adorned with modesty and pretty beauty and the ornaments that bring beauty and the light coming from purity when the Lord is establishing, when He is placing a throne and giving His deed, so that nations rejoice, so that a nation proven is bringing intense discipline and good tidings. 
But let it be another people going to Neptune who are wise, who are restrained and diligent, and what are they to find? But such is a planet for holy prophets and good tidings and good serpants who do not give venom, unless it is them in the sea. Now let it be a place of silver and no gold of Babel, but a place of delicate peace and the cool of crystal snow and a place of purity and violet and blue and the purple hues where the house is with roofs that are visible and doors of integrity and silver of integrity. Now will it be taken by the people I attacked and with love? But let Neptune be adorned with modesty and pretty beauty and the ornaments that bring beauty and the light coming from purity when the Lord is establishing, when He is placing a throne and giving His deed, so that nations rejoice, so that a nation proven is bringing intense discipline and good tidings. 
But let the civilians of every shade, all be Elsnon, stay out of their war so that they are not able to turn any against the other and sow discord. But if they fire even that flaming mass from a catipult over our wall let none be injured and aid our own and let not the shouts and attempts from outside the gate cause discord between us for we are Elsnon. Now if one is a god or something else let it not be counted as wrong that he is so, but there are different types in our society and not all are brothers and sisters, and yet we are Elsnon and civilians to the war they wage. For the rich of the good lands are even capable of being among you, not being Babylonians and the lacking that they are, but being doers of what is wise and performers of what is wise that they are for being with good tidings and the behaviour of what goes well, and yet outside those doing war are fighting with what we do not know and cannot know for they attempt to pull us into their conflicts at times that civilians might die, and which sides hate the city we do not know. But the gate is strong and yet enemies break in and walk among us clothed like us and portraying themselves at first to be one of us, and yet their evil shows they are of the soldiers who fight outside the walls that they might fight some of us and sow discord to draw us into the war. Now seperate and fight their wars and we will be destroyed because they cannot war with us as they would like because of the city walls. But even Babylon defends us in this thing although their soldiers are often slow to bring aid of combat, and yet their army is mightier than all of those who wage war around us. For their mighty men are of great ability and their spies are for us if they will not be traitors. For the mighty men of Babylon are from a city not Babylon and it’s corruption, and they are not fighting yet for any corrupt thing of Babylon.
But none ever claimed you could use philosophy in an argument. For we communicate with what we do, and there is a time and place for what is good.
But one by wickedness does not comprehend conventions of another’s speech in judgement, for they are enraged with jelousy, but there is a servant who is close to blameless.
But one by wickedness does not comprehend conventions of another’s speech in judgement, for they are enraged with jelousy, but there is a servant who is close to blameless.
But out of time and place is it not animal that is threatened? But their reasons are irrelevant to what they do with mouth and deed.
But out of time and place is it not animal that is threatened? But their reasons are irrelevant to what they do with mouth and deed.
But the Lord God, His works I have seen, that He takes much action on Earth, for He can cause a nation to crumble without war or enemy on Earth.
But the Lord God, His works I have seen, that He takes much action on Earth, for He can cause a nation to crumble without war or enemy on Earth. Now I have seen Him pour out wrath, and my heart did not rejoice. Now I have seen projections of those whose hearts request to be judged, that all the Earth obeys the Lord. Now by choice and by obedience people are obeying and the Lord is strategist and the Christ is His son. Now the angel is the Christ’s servant and on Earth there are those acting in war that they are in the realm of war, and there are those compromising that they trade for another thing, and there are those being tempted, that they must endure, and there are those commited to obedience, that they give of themselves. Now those storing up for God are doing wisely and another stores up for riches of money. Now one stores up for blessing with commitment that they are strategic. Now by the wisdom of a man there is the Jews and all knowledge of right and wrong, and with the Christ knowledge and wisdom of angels as well as knowledge and wisdom of all. Now wisdom of an angel is not replacing what is right for the Jews and those who are Jews as if lost tribes that are found by Christ. Now the Christ can return them, but do they not instruct of the Christ? Now Islam is the wisdom of a people and the angel cannot confirm the presence of an angel or deny. Now it is not poor but does not seem rich and it is the wisdom for those who received it. Now which wisdom is required for the Jews? But if the lost tribes are returned by the Christ do they not instruct the younger of the Christ? But the lost tribes have made benifit as pillars among other peoples.
But the Lord God, His works I have seen, that He takes much action on Earth, for He can cause a nation to crumble without war or enemy on Earth. Now I have seen Him pour out wrath, and my heart did not rejoice. Now I have seen projections of those whose hearts request to be judged.

But the nation of peace conquered all and purified it from the destruction, the place of the conduit between the city and Earth, that the good of God might come to rest from above and remove the people of the devil’s from the face of the Earth.
But the servant who hates men has considered his mother stupid if he is weasel, that it is only jelousy of the sibling that drives him to seek favour, for his mother has believed in morality but he has not from a young child. Now he is not having right relationship with women that he is constantly seeking to deceive as a weasel and coward, that he has hated his mother and been alienated from men and women.
But the servant who hates men has considered his mother stupid if he is weasel, that it is only jelousy of the sibling that drives him to seek favour, for his mother has believed in morality but he has not from a young child. Now he is not having right relationship with women that he is constantly seeking to deceive as a weasel and coward, that he has hated his mother and been alienated from men and women.

But there is sympathy that is injustice and wickedness, and the one who gives is it is lower than they might seem, that when justice is delivered they should not be insolent to say they were doing them good, but the one who is with wisdom, fearing God, is respectful of justice, and their ear is for correction, when it is justice, that there are fools in the land and yet the limits of a righteous people do not change, even when the land is plagued with violence and brutality, when theives are abundant, and prostitutes walk about with bruises, and wickedness is heard calling out in the streets, so the remnant will keep what is good, saving that which is to be shown to God, that there is love for the people, that they make the land right, that they do what is good.
But there is sympathy that is injustice and wickedness, and the one who gives is it is lower than they might seem, that when justice is delivered they should not be insolent to say they were doing them good, but the one who is with wisdom, fearing God, is respectful of justice, and their ear is for correction, when it is justice, that there are fools in the land and yet the limits of a righteous people do not change, even when the land is plagued with violence and brutality, when theives are abundant, and prostitutes walk about with bruises, and wickedness is heard calling out in the streets, so the remnant will keep what is good, saving that which is to be shown to God, that there is love for the people, that they might make the land right, that they do what is good.
But there is the anti-atheist who goes to the street and when they find a home they are cast out again to the street. Now if they are belonging in this place than on Earth they have found the place for them that they are where it is fitting for them, but it is not always so with them that they are made homeless. For a human, do not allow it. For a human says it is only what people do, when they perform what is right when the action is not great. But there have been animals who are among society and not homeless, and do not be amazed, because the world has permitted it. Now a human is more wealthy than any animal because a golden covering of pure gold for an animal and a pen of pure gold is for a spectacle. Does the animal know tricks to do tasks? But the human is far more excellent than that and of greater wealth and they have nobility. Now the one who exalts the animal is a servant, because they dwell with the beast, in spirit, where they are kept in spirit, the animal being the servant’s friend. 
But there is the anti-atheist who goes to the street and when they find a home they are cast out again to the street. Now if they are belonging in this place than on Earth they have found the place for them that they are where it is fitting for them, but it is not always so with them that they are made homeless. For a human, do not allow it. For a human says it is only what people do, when they perform what is right when the action is not great. But there have been animals who are among society and not homeless, and do not be amazed, because the world has permitted it. Now a human is more wealthy than any animal because a golden covering of pure gold for an animal and a pen of pure gold is for a spectacle. Does the animal know tricks to do tasks? But the human is far more excellent than that and of greater wealth and they have nobility. Now the one who exalts the animal is a servant, because they dwell with the beast, in spirit, where they are kept in spirit, the animal being the servant’s friend. 
But there is the anti-atheist who goes to the street and when they find a home they are cast out again to the street. Now if they are belonging in this place than on Earth they have found the place for them that they are where it is fitting for them, but it is not always so with them that they are made homeless. For a human, do not allow it. For a human says it is only what people do, when they perform what is right when the action is not great. But there have been animals who are among society and not homeless, and do not be amazed, because the world has permitted it. Now a human is more wealthy than any animal because a golden covering of pure gold for an animal and a pen of pure gold is for a spectacle. Does the animal know tricks to do tasks? But the human is far more excellent than that and of greater wealth and they have nobility. Now the one who exalts the animal is a servant, because they dwell with the beast, in spirit, where they are kept in spirit, the animal being the servant’s friend. 
But there is the anti-atheist who goes to the street and when they find a home they are cast out again to the street. Now if they are belonging in this place than on Earth they have found the place for them that they are where it is fitting for them, but it is not always so with them that they are made homeless. For a human, do not allow it. For a human says it is only what people do, when they perform what is right when the action is not great. But there have been animals who are among society and not homeless, and do not be amazed, because the world has permitted it. Now a human is more wealthy than any animal because a golden covering of pure gold for an animal and a pen of pure gold is for a spectacle. Does the animal know tricks to do tasks? But the human is far more excellent than that and of greater wealth and they have nobility. Now the one who exalts the animal is a servant, because they dwell with the beast, in spirit, where they are kept in spirit, the animal being the servant’s friend. 
But they are suspicious of truth and attack because it is not in the low Babylonian way of speaking that is filled with deception and lies.
But they dismiss Jupiter by respect of persons, or will they not? Now they dismiss Jupiter with slander of Saturn, but will they? But they dismiss with concealment, saying it is not. Now the serpent did not intend to devour but to aid. But they dismiss with distraction, and such is strategy as if war. Now they dismiss with lies and bury defence and such is like war. Now the dog-thing is dog, for the beast is spirit and the dogs are his servants. Now Babylon changes truth to be acceptable to Babylonians and do the wise require an angel? But the realm of philosophers is preferable, and Babylon has been casting out all not Babylon. Now it is not forbidden to be learning so you might have knowledge of the language that Babylon finds acceptable for you are translator and aid to God’s people. Now Babylon has its blinding statue for blinding and distracting and it has its furnace and it has its statue to be bowed to by those in Babylon. Now is not Daniel aiding and yet being concealed, for he is as a spy and yet good to be truly loyal. Now what has the king by Mala? But he has his wives, for the cults are his wives and one wife is the cult that is the truth, for the true religion was the king’s favourite. Now this is a thing pertaining to kings. Now schools of thought were to be taken from one’s own people that they not lead astray. Now the angel has the furnace in the Universe and yet has not used it. But Frued he has used in one thing and yet two things. Now there is nothing wrong for the wise to be using the furnace in the Universe. But the soldiers of cities have said, attack as you please and we arrest those we hate, for they are forbidden to defence, and the king of Babylon has killed them all and replaced them because they used the complicated fashion of the order from the throne. Now was the book different for a time because of the Jews who would not bow to the soldiers? For the soldiers are servants of Babylon and the sign is a man, being a servant who is upon Earth in places. Now each thing has a representative on Earth, and such soldiers loyal to God have another representative. Now three young wise men, did they not have an angel? But a church by Mala, is it not having an angel? Now Avram, Abraham, was visited by angels. Now the Christ commands the angel.
But they dismiss Jupiter by respect of persons, or will they not? Now they dismiss Jupiter with slander of Saturn, but will they? But they dismiss with concealment, saying it is not. Now the serpent did not intend to devour but to aid. But they dismiss with distraction, and such is strategy. Now they dismiss with lies and bury defence. Now the dog-thing is dog, for the beast is spirit. Now Babylon changes truth to be acceptable to Babylonians and do the wise require an angel? But the realm of philosophers is preferable, and Babylon has been casting out all not Babylon. Now it is not forbidden to be learning so you might have knowledge of the language that Babylon finds acceptable for you are translator and aid to God’s people. Now Babylon has its blinding statue for blinding and distracting and it has its furnace. Now is not Daniel aiding and yet being concealed? Now what has the king by Mala? But he has the interests that are his wives, for the cults are his wives and one wife is the cult that is the truth, for the true religion was the king’s favourite. Now this is a thing pertaining to kings. Now schools of thought were to be taken from one’s own people only that they not lead astray, but who is wise enough? Now the angel has the furnace in the Universe and yet has not used it. But Frued he has used in one thing and yet two things. Now there is nothing wrong for the wise to be using the furnace in the Universe. But the soldiers of cities have said, attack as you please and we arrest those we hate, and the king of Babylon has killed them all and replaced them because they used the complicated fashion of the order from the throne that the book was different for a time because of the Jews who would not bow to the soldiers for they are servants of Babylon and the sign is a man, being a servant who is upon Earth in places. Now each thing has a representative on Earth, and such soldiers loyal to God have another representative. Now three young wise men, are they not having an angel? But a church by Mala, a form, is it not having an angel? Now Avram, Abraham, was visited by angels. Now the Christ commands the angel.
But they dismiss Jupiter by respect of persons, or will they not? Now they dismiss Jupiter with slander of Saturn, but will they? But they dismiss with concealment, saying it is not. Now the serpent did not intend to devour but to aid. But they dismiss with distraction, and such is strategy. Now they dismiss with lies and bury defence. Now the dog-thing is dog, for the beast is spirit. Now Babylon changes truth to
 be acceptable to Babylonians and do the wise require an angel? But the realm of philosophers is preferable, and Babylon has been casting out all not Babylon. Now it is not forbidden to be learning so you might have knowledge of the language that Babylon finds acceptable for you are translator and aid to God’s people. Now Babylon has its blinding statue for blinding and distracting and it has its furnace. Now is not Daniel aiding and yet being concealed? Now what has the king by Mala? But he has the interests that are his wives, for the cults are his wives and one wife is the cult that is the truth, for the true religion was the king’s favourite. Now this is a thing pertaining to kings. 
But they dismiss Jupiter by respect of persons, or will they not? Now they dismiss Jupiter with slander of Saturn, but will they? But they dismiss with concealment, saying it is not. Now the serpent did not intend to devour but to aid. But they dismiss with distraction, and such is strategy. Now they dismiss with lies and bury defence. Now the dog-thing is dog, for the beast is spirit. Now Babylon changes truth to be acceptable to Babylonians and do the wise require an angel? But the realm of philosophers is preferable, and Babylon has been casting out all not Babylon. Now it is not forbidden to be learning so you might have knowledge of the language that Babylon finds acceptable for you are translator and aid to God’s people. Now Babylon has its blinding statue for blinding and distracting and it has its furnace. Now is not Daniel aiding and yet being concealed? Now what has the king by Mala? But he has the interests that are his wives, for the cults are his wives and one wife is the cult that is the truth, for the true religion was the king’s favourite. Now this is a thing pertaining to kings. Now schools of thought were to be taken from one’s own people only that they not lead astray, but who is wise enough? Now the angel has the furnace in the Universe and yet has not used it. But Frued he has used in one thing and yet two things. Now there is nothing wrong for the wise to be using the furnace in the Universe. But the soldiers of cities have said, attack as you please and we arrest those we hate, and the king of Babylon has killed them all and replaced them because they used the complicated fashion of the order from the throne that the book was different for a time because of the Jews who would not bow to the soldiers for they are servants of Babylon and the sign is a man, being a servant who is upon Earth in places. Now each thing has a representative on Earth, and such soldiers loyal to God have another representative. Now three young wise men, are they not having an angel? But a church by Mala, a form, is it not having an angel? Now Avram, Abraham, was visited by angels. Now the Christ commands the angel.
But they dismiss Jupiter by respect of persons, or will they not? Now they dismiss Jupiter with slander of Saturn, but will they? But they dismiss with concealment, saying it is not. Now the serpent did not intend to devour but to aid. But they dismiss with distraction, and such is strategy as if war. Now they dismiss with lies and bury defence and such is like war. Now the dog-thing is dog, for the beast is spirit and the dogs are his servants. Now Babylon changes truth to be acceptable to Babylonians and do the wise require an angel? But the realm of philosophers is preferable, and Babylon has been casting out all not Babylon. Now it is not forbidden to be learning so you might have knowledge of the language that Babylon finds acceptable for you are translator and aid to God’s people. Now Babylon has its blinding statue for blinding and distracting and it has its furnace and it has its statue to be bowed to by those in Babylon. Now is not Daniel aiding and yet being concealed, for he is as a spy and yet good to be truly loyal. Now what has the king by Mala? But he has his wives, for the cults are his wives and one wife is the cult that is the truth, for the true religion was the king’s favourite. Now this is a thing pertaining to kings. Now schools of thought were to be taken from one’s own people that they not lead astray. Now the angel has the furnace in the Universe and yet has not used it. But Frued he has used in one thing and yet two things. Now there is nothing wrong for the wise to be using the furnace in the Universe. But the soldiers of cities have said, attack as you please and we arrest those we hate, for they are forbidden to defence, and the king of Babylon has killed them all and replaced them because they used the complicated fashion of the order from the throne. Now was the book different for a time because of the Jews who would not bow to the soldiers? For the soldiers are servants of Babylon and the sign is a man, being a servant who is upon Earth in places. Now each thing has a representative on Earth, and such soldiers loyal to God have another representative. Now three young wise men, did they not have an angel? But a church by Mala, is it not having an angel? Now Avram, Abraham, was visited by angels. Now the Christ commands the angel.
But those from all shades have become all things, animals to the lake of fire, servants to the bottom of the Ocean, and yet if the remnant of people fight amongst themselves are most of them not meant to be fellow slave owners by the Lord’s giving? For what cause can they contend in this thing, for the Lord is having the Universe.
But what is the cause of this change for evil that has happened? But a man has then known, I do not go where the river would take me, but there is justice neglected to do in some matter, therefore I do justice.
But when Ahab was king and the soldiers of Babylon marched towards Elijah rather than speak wickedness what does he say? But if I am clean, a man of God, he speaks.
But when Ahab was king and the soldiers of Babylon marched towards Elijah rather than speak wickedness what does he say? But if I am clean, a man of God, he speaks.

But when are Enoch bringing down a mammoth? But they are fishing and there are smaller things.

But who has aided Lucifer? But did David not aid him? Now who is going under to conquer and not in opposition? But is it not Joshua? Now Lucifer has thought, it is good what Joshua does, and I will tear at the walls of Babel and it will be restored because it is being torn down and restored, and it will be dark brown, light brown, and white, and dark gold will adorn it, and the light from the city of Ijeshil will be upon it as the rebels act out their routines, and yet those who would aid me willingly will be restored, for their hearts to be in agreeance will restore them and to a greater status. For rebellious fools have murdered with ignorance and let them add a second ignorance. But let those who are restored who are of wisdom confirm what I say, because I have placed golden lions on either side of my throne because too many fell below ur.

Concerning what has been said I do not know if much was added to His word in the letters of disciples, or if any of it was from His word, only there are wise words and then many paragraphs of small matters and certainly ancient people knew about how to sow discord in an enemy nation before war. The discord was likely meant to cause chaos and weaken the nation, and if for some reason the Christians and Jews joining forces was to be viewed as a possible threat the attempts at dealing with pety matters with horrendously devisive wording might make sense if an attempt was made to break a single book of Christian wisdom into many parts so that paragraphs of lesser matters might be added for other purposes. Certainly a fearful Roman intelligence force could plant such documents and possibly after the death of all the original disciples. Of course this might cause an embarrassed dismay among non-Jewish Christians to view such a failure by non-Jews early on, but perhaps this is the reality we might have to admit, a failure and yet possibly true. Certainly we can admit that the apostles words are worded so that they might be seen as devisive and it is my belief that much was added that would not be deemed worthy of a Bible’s attention due to how trivial some of the matters seem to be. As for the other books, I have no comment on them, and my scrutiny was only towards much that is found in the letters. Now as for discord it is sowed for the purpose of strength or weakness. I will not write an obvious lie to be used as propaganda when it has been dealt with by others. But where attempts to sow discord become hostile our known fools who have not bettered themselves are now attempting to impair their own people and this sometimes with attempts that harass and cause grief that their own people should be impaired. Now sub-concoius envy seeks to impair others when a person is impaired, that envy seeks equality, being that offensive action can transform jealousy to envy and by outward attempts transformations are made. So the accuser is to be doing the will of what is not considered better, and yet there are many who accuse who do so in the way of light, which belongs to God that there is good truth that is motivated by truth. Now if all of those who open their mouths against the realm of Beelzebub accuse than the accuser of truth is not motivated by the lesser things, but the better things in the realm of God. What waters will be watered and a generous soul will be made fat, that the one who is restored who was greatly generous is not to be considered because of the will of the one who deceived and seeks evil. Now if none had said it or written it than the angel would not have, only, I believe, to offer his wisdom in a better way because the gate is to be left open by the one who does not perceive the threat of war. Now do not allow the children, being adults, who are in Beelzebub’s house accuse the disciple or any of doing wrong in this matter because God’s will is for them to do good, that you do not add some judgement that is not from God or men, but a matter of personal choice, and the same is for stating my consideration for the Jews, where they might be, knowing that God knows which are His in this fashion. But let not God’s inheritance attack Him when we are united, because the Paraphrases were not of Abraham and those who would kill His son not found in honour of God. But Jews are born of and raised by non-Jews and more are with remnant of Israel and the anti-Christ is severely hating all who are worshipping God.

Concerning what has been said I do not know if much was added to His word in the letters of disciples, or if any of it was from His word, only there are wise words and then many paragraphs of small matters and certainly ancient people knew about how to sow discord in an enemy nation before war. The discord was likely meant to cause chaos and weaken the nation, and if for some reason the Christians and Jews joining forces was to be viewed as a possible threat the attempts at dealing with pety matters with horrendously devisive wording might make sense if an attempt was made to break a single book of Christian wisdom into many parts so that paragraphs of lesser matters might be added for other purposes. Certainly a fearful Roman intelligence force could plant such documents and possibly after the death of all the original disciples. Of course this might cause an embarrassed dismay among non-Jewish Christians to view such a failure by non-Jews early on, but perhaps this is the reality we might have to admit, a failure and yet possibly true. Certainly we can admit that the apostles words are worded so that they might be seen as devisive and it is my belief that much was added that would not be deemed worthy of a Bible’s attention due to how trivial some of the matters seem to be. As for the other books, I have no comment on them, and my scrutiny was only towards much that is found in the letters. Now as for discord it is sowed for the purpose of strength or weakness. I will not write an obvious lie to be used as propaganda when it has been dealt with by others. But where attempts to sow discord become hostile our known fools who have not bettered themselves are now attempting to impair their own people and this sometimes with attempts that harass and cause grief that their own people should be impaired. Now sub-concoius envy seeks to impair others when a person is impaired, that envy seeks equality, being that offensive action can transform jealousy to envy and by outward attempts transformations are made. So the accuser is to be doing the will of what is not considered better, and yet there are many who accuse who do so in the way of light, which belongs to God that there is good truth that is motivated by truth. Now if all of those who open their mouths against the realm of Beelzebub accuse than the accuser of truth is not motivated by the lesser things, but the better things in the realm of God. What waters will be watered and a generous soul will be made fat, that the one who is restored who was greatly generous is not to be considered because of the will of the one who deceived and seeks evil. Now if none had said it or written it than the angel would not have, only, I believe, to offer his wisdom in a better way because the gate is to be left open by the one who does not perceive the threat of war. Now do not allow the children, being adults, who are in Beelzebub’s house accuse the disciple or any of doing wrong in this matter because God’s will is for them to do good, that you do not add some judgement that is not from God or men, but a matter of personal choice, and the same is for stating my consideration for the Jews, where they might be, knowing that God knows which are His in this fashion. But let not God’s inheritance attack Him when we are united, because the Pharases were not of Abraham and those who would kill His son not found in honour of God. But Jews are born of and raised by non-Jews and more are with remnant of Israel and the anti-Christ is severely hating all who are worshiping God.

Concerning what has been said I do not know if much was added to His word in the letters of disciples, or if any of it was from His word, only there are wise words and then many paragraphs of small matters and certaintly ancient people knew about how to sow discord in an enemy nation before war. The discord was likely meant to cause chaos and weaken the nation, and if for some reason the Christians and Jews joining forces was to be viewed as a possible threat the attempts at dealing with pety matters with horrendously devisive wording might make sense if an attempt was made to break a single book of Christian wisdom into many parts so that paragraphs of lesser matters might be added for other purposes. Certainly a fearful Roman intelligence force could plant such documents and possibly after the death of all the original disciples. Of course this might cause an embarrassed dismay among non-Jewish Christians to view such a failure by non-Jews early on, but perhaps this is the reality we might have to admit, a failure and yet possibly true. Certainly we can admit that the apostles words are worded so that they might be seen as devisive and is my belief that much was added that would not be deemed worthy of a Bible’s attention due to how trivial some of the matters seem to be. As for the other books, I have no comment on them, and my scrutiny was only towards much that is found in the letters.

Did they not know that they said differently? But the devil’s soldiers have greater self-control than the Lord’s people. For the devil’s soldiers are not able to do what they are made to do because of morality on Earth.

Now as for the compensations of the man who desires men, let him not be a simple and brute thing to compensate and be against the people who are the Lord's.

Different groups of people deal with problems in different ways. Translations- conversions are different. Some people consciously act to adjust their state and behaviour while others translate-compensate more.

Do not stoop to an enemies level if you have God, rendering what was rendered, because as they add to their wrongs so they descend and you are then to be greater than them, and loved by God.

Does the sub-conscious manifest itself in projection when it perceives that it—the person it is part of—deserves to be punished or eradicated demanding what would eradicate it. For is there a self-destruct mechanism with some?

Now from their mouth comes projection that it is like secret prophecy and truth, and in their mean callings, praising to speak truth with their sarcasm. Now it is their heart that does it.

Due to cultural restraints and problems I am pleased to be honest but due to the wrong stategy being relied upon with rudeness occuring it is difficult not to note the changes it has commited to our languages so the heavy implications are now added to what might have had no or little implications many centuries prior. Of course there is no excuse offered here to rationalize the foolishness of assigning implications in other places as some do who have problems of stubborn certainty when subjectively validating which due to stubborness they are unable to abandon. These also make large assumptions and are gripped by stubborness in their assumptions, for they have cores of iron in their chests and heads and are not easily capable of giving up assumptions. Of course it is insanity and Babel has restrained many of the devil’s people by seeking truth in matters of social and anti-social as they call it, or the truth about how society functions. Now if any has forced Babel to be aiding injustice than it is Babel’s place to employ gold and refuse work when such is proceeding too far, and that there should be a strict separation for this reason, that opinion is in one catagory which includes what is given to students, for it can be corrupted, and only that which belongs in Babel and is Babel can be using the emblems of Babel, that there be nothing else, either one thing or the other, for if there is anything else it will create the same problem for they will call it the same, for they are made inevitable by force because of contention, for contention forces what is inevitable, and none arrests any for it by nature. But it can be told by truth that not even what is given to students is free of opinion that is not known. For I give opinion, and the ability of the serpant is what testifies and yet nothing more.

Due to cultural restraints and problems I am pleased to be honest but due to the wrong stategy being relied upon with rudeness occuring it is difficult not to note the changes it has commited to our languages so the heavy implications are now added to what might have had no or little implications many centuries prior. Of course there is no excuse offered here to rationalize the foolishness of assigning implications in other places as some do who have problems of stubborn certainty when subjectively validating which due to stubborness they are unable to abandon. These also make large assumptions and are gripped by stubborness in their assumptions, for they have cores of iron in their chests and heads and are not easily capable of giving up assumptions. Of course it is insanity and Babel has restrained many of the devil’s people by seeking truth in matters of social and anti-social as they call it, or the truth about how society functions. Now if any has forced Babel to be aiding injustice than it is Babel’s place to employ gold and refuse work when such is proceeding too far, and that there should be a strict separation for this reason, that opinion is in one catagory which includes what is given to students, for it can be corrupted, and only that which belongs in Babel and is Babel can be using the emblems of Babel, that there be nothing else, either one thing or the other, for if there is anything else it will create the same problem for they will call it the same, for they are made inevitable by force because of contention, for contention forces what is inevitable, and none arrests any for it by nature. But it can be told by truth that not even what is given to students is free of opinion that is not known. For I give opinion, and the ability of the serpant is what testifies and yet nothing more. Now I offer what must be offered because of God, and the Christ came eating and drinking, and so I know of the truth and what is wise and what aids, for because of what was not intended for evil I must provide polite apology due to culture which is in most of the world, that what must be said is requiring new words and separations, for I call it the enclosed plain that is for any religion but only for religion in which truth might be delivered that is not for society because it is for religion without evil implications attached that are attached in our language when people are spoken of because they do not speak in an academic setting where such implications would not exist, and those who teach Babel have ruined even this because of their repeated and clear violations that have been viewed as disgraceful, so that Babel has lost ground because they have not maintained security. Now if academic settings are still an enclosed plain it is not the same plain as it should be because it has become eroded due to disgraceful words when people were not given the chance to defend themselves such as words that are for the street and fighting, which when commited with such cowardice I am for slaying them if it is given by God, that these are the same as kings who rebel against God, and yet not kings, for to use a neutral plain in this way is reason for more wrath because it profanes the nobility of the holiness of learning, even when some blasphemes God. Now yet they are not to be slayn for such, but it is a disgrace and wicked, for the one who has no remorse is not even for repentance. Now what is in the enclosed plain is having no implications and the words of scholars are not meant to have evil implication given, and yet they have been added by those who profane and blaspheme, for they are with many hostilities. Now if any is looking towards a neighbour as a leader of a nation than they are having respect of persons and as for what is not their business, they are fearing God and respecting themselves.

Due to cultural restraints and problems I am pleased to be honest but due to the wrong stategy being relied upon with rudeness occuring it is difficult not to note the changes it has commited to our languages so the heavy implications are now added to what might have had no or little implications many centuries prior. Of course there is no excuse offered here to rationalize the foolishness of assigning implications in other places as some do who have problems of stubborn certainty when subjectively validating which due to stubborness they are unable to abandon. These also make large assumptions and are gripped by stubborness in their assumptions, for they have cores of iron in their chests and heads and are not easily capable of giving up assumptions. Of course it is insanity and Babel has restrained many of the devil’s people by seeking truth in matters of social and anti-social as they call it, or the truth about how society functions. Now if any has forced Babel to be aiding injustice than it is Babel’s place to employ gold and refuse work when such is proceeding too far, and that there should be a strict separation for this reason, that opinion is in one catagory which includes what is given to students, for it can be corrupted, and only that which belongs in Babel and is Babel can be using the emblems of Babel, that there be nothing else, either one thing or the other, for if there is anything else it will create the same problem for they will call it the same, for they are made inevitable by force because of contention, for contention forces what is inevitable, and none arrests any for it by nature. But it can be told by truth that not even what is given to students is free of opinion that is not known. For I give opinion, and the ability of the serpant is what testifies and yet nothing more. Now I offer what must be offered because of God, and the Christ came eating and drinking, and so I know of the truth and what is wise and what aids, for because of what was not intended for evil I must provide polite apology due to culture which is in most of the world, that what must be said is requiring new words and separations, for I call it the enclosed plain that is for any religion but only for religion in which truth might be delivered that is not for society because it is for religion without evil implications attached that are attached in our language when people are spoken of because they do not speak in an academic setting where such implications would not exist, and those who teach Babel have ruined even this because of their repeated and clear violations that have been viewed as disgraceful, so that Babel has lost ground because they have not maintained security. Now if academic settings are still an enclosed plain it is not the same plain as it should be because it has become eroded due to disgraceful words when people were not given the chance to defend themselves such as words that are for the street and fighting, which when commited with such cowardice I am for slaying them if it is given by God, that these are the same as kings who rebel against God, and yet not kings, for to use a neutral plain in this way is reason for more wrath because is profanes the nobility of the holiness of learning, even when some blasphemes God.

Patriotism adds more loyalty and integrity in moments of temptation, and when such is second to the Lord, it is true patriotism, for it supports the people. Now the person who is loyal to God does not lie and say, yet I judge for God against what is legal, and yet the person who is elected is able to do what is right, whether for the Lord or for the people.

Egypt and its glory have chosen God after the coming of His son, and were they not better before and not because they did not have God? But the glory of Egypt is spoken of in metaphor and those who made it originally. How then is so much scattered and yet by virtue and good it re-emerges to be seen as better. Now what sin would cast what is pleasing to God away? For when a person does what is good and pleasing to God there are lines an enemy will not cross when they are a man or at least good enough to be a human. I do not wish to be against God who created all, and how does it benefit to cast away my own credit to be against God? But if my riches are with Heaven than I do not desire to be against God. How is it then that Egypt is gone and a people are scattered? Now there is that which comes to pass before good is attained, and I have seen sin seek to do an evil against God knowing that the devices of Satan have before said attain well and they are throwing attainment away. Now what is done in secret will be known and God is not being against God that with the righteous the good is being promoted and yet the one who is fulfilling good is sometimes having more opposition, whether being the Roman, the Jew, or the Egyptian and you have known who it is when it is true. Now the one who steals is not despised when they are made hungry by war against them, and the refugee being persecuted has gained help from criminals. But you are using false judgements in those matters where you know the truth? But the one who has food does not need to steal, so that you might not believe that I justify the wicked, and the one who profits by robberies is not one of the people in their plea for righteousness towards God. But let there not be, at least, those who would be the devices of Beelzebub to separate what God has joined. Now what man of intelligence uses his understanding to ask those questions with his understanding that would defame the righteous when it is the time and place of another to answer without sin, and then the place of the one who would be more loving in a topic, that such is the realm of him with his greater love in this place, than the one who is to abstain from something for a greater purpose. But a nest of foolish vipers with foresight have despised the angel and being a man of much love for women he has sharpened his sword in its extraction that a man in this fashion will not tolerate them and their words will be meet with more than is their place.



Egypt and its glory have chosen God after the coming of His son, and were they not better before and not because they did not have God? But the glory of Egypt is spoken of in metaphor and those who made it originally. How then is so much scattered and yet by virtue and good it re-emerges to be seen as better. Now what sin would cast what is pleasing to God away? For when a person does what is good and pleasing to God there are lines an enemy will not cross when they are a man or at least good enough to be a human. I do not wish to be against God who created all, and how does it benefit to cast away my own credit to be against God? But if my riches are with Heaven than I do not desire to be against God.

Extroverted behaviour that is acted out that must be done only internally and those who excessively struggle with things outwardly that should be delt with internally giving suspicion of developmental problems and indicators of possible lack of ability to be trusted with dependence for others in terms of roles and employment.


Extroverted culture that does not practise human segregations (not racial) might have proclivity to bring down excellence rather than support it and reward it.

Following all the paths, meeting the measure of the laws, and what attacks can only ask to pass through what defends, and so let the accuser be labelled honestly, that what they have is surrendered to the one they attack, to know that I too am the way, the truth, and the light, and those who are for me receive from another.

Foolishness claims it possible for a person, but by truth the answer is no, but a wise man procures favour from God.

For Lucifer has had a mother good to other children, not lacking, and him being an only child, tended to by a rich man, and defended and supported by the older children in his youth, and a poor student and then later a good, having been prior drawn to the pursuits of youth, and playing instruments and indulging in arts and science and a debating and challenging child to his mother in childhood, she being meek, and a daughter of Sarah.

For a leader physical presence can change to more burden when there is nothing truly needed. But an indulgent and patient man, is he not the type that is honoured to the level of being revered? But patience is as greater self-control, and love is patient and kind. Now who shows perfection to this degree? But if it is with righteousness and justice, it is good thing. Now the nations come and go, but a man like Noah, is he not blessed? Now the nations are here, and is not the innocence of Daniel required? But the ways of sodomites and all the types of practises of sodomites, being only verbal or with actions, has many types of actions whether only verbal or actions, that the entirety of it is the city Sodom and not five righteous things are found in it, for none of these things should be found with any person, for the judgement is for it to be destroyed. Now what is found in the temple called the Christ, is all good and blameless, that his bride is New Juruselum, and those things found in Jeruselum, in Mala, are not Sodom. Now Job is not born of Jews and yet follows God and endures, and Noah is keeping with justice and endures, and Daniel is keeping God against Babylon, and endures, and yet what is it to be with much Sodom combat when there is peace and justice? But much conscience is safety and yet those who are having a desease of evil to retaliate against justice when it stays back and gives room, not harrassing, not going too far, these are having an evil desease and spiritual deseases are for danger.
 
For a man in truth has not desired an animal, and a woman not the one who is not her husband.

For a murderous person, what is not worth time and judgement, is worthy of murder, but those who keep justice keep the land. Now those  calling what is of weight, nothing, are they not those who say, yet there is no such thing as rape, and those who do justice are keeping debate from the wicked because the wickedness cannot be in agreance regardless of what could be said, for a man below ur cannot agree and the wicked are not able to agree, but men below ur are as leaders in Babylon, and dogs are able to be as kings. Now the one mantaining the right standard says of the smaller, it is a great evil, and the one exceeding is cursing and blaspheming as one who also mocks. Now the one who declares the place outrageous, is he not also saying, but the good should not be cast away with the wicked, and yet for those who test God, is there more chance for repentance? Now the Christ did not test God, and went in the way of departure from other things, that he went in the way of obedience. Now is this not as one who is in service to the Lord? But if one is in service to the Lord, they are for the full measure of reward and what might be against them.
 
For a murderous person, what is not worth time and judgment, is worthy of murder, but those who keep justice keep the land. Now those  calling what is of weight, nothing, are they not those who say, yet there is no such thing as rape, and those who do justice are keeping debate from the wicked because the wickedness cannot be in agreance regardless of what could be said, for a man below ur cannot agree and the wicked are not able to agree, but men below ur are as leaders in Babylon, and dogs are able to be as kings. Now the one mantaining the right standard says of the smaller, it is a great evil, and the one exceeding is cursing and blaspheming as one who also mocks. Now the one who declares the place outrageous, is he not also saying, but the good should not be cast away with the wicked, and yet for those who test God, is there more chance for repentance? Now the Christ did not test God, and went in the way of departure from other things, that he went in the way of obedience. Now is this not as one who is in service to the Lord? But if one is in service to the Lord, they are for the full measure of reward and what might be against them.

Now what is easier to say, animal, or slave? But there is no contradiction, and prior to Abraham was there a declaration of it for him? Now the Lord enlarged his territory and increased his flocks, and what time of seeming madness, that was not madness, he endured the angel was not insane in either. Now Abraham, you will never out-crazy an angel, or surpass an angel in what some would call insanity, for the victory is the angel's.

Now as it has been mentioned, do not your slaves come to you to harass you and almost attack you, and you are minding your own life and there is no reason for contention by which they harass you. Now in other places there has been lack of segregation where it is not understood that people are not still in the land of children, but are having their own groups and peers, that many are no longer peers, when they would have been in the land of children, that the peers of a writer are writers and the peers of politicians are politicians, and the peers of soldiers are soldiers. Now white people, the fair, are not the peers of the dark shade and neither are the dark shade peers of the fair, and there is more than this, for there are those by career who have their own world and groups, that these are their peers, and it is a separate world, and there is envy or not among peers, but it is disturbing when one is still in the land of children and they are an adult. Now some have their own families, their own interests and is it not real mental illness of a type to find those who believe all are still in the land of children?
 
For a murderous person, what is not worth time and judgment, is worthy of murder, but those who keep justice keep the land. Now those  calling what is of weight, nothing, are they not those who say, yet there is no such thing as rape, and those who do justice are keeping debate from the wicked because the wickedness cannot be in agreance regardless of what could be said, for a man below ur cannot agree and the wicked are not able to agree, but men below ur are as leaders in Babylon, and dogs are able to be as kings. Now the one mantaining the right standard says, it is a great evil, and the one exceeding is cursing and blaspheming as one who also mocks.
 
For a murderous person, what is not worth time and judgement, is worthy of murder, but those who keep justice keep the land.
For being influenced and receiving what could been prophesy the one before has caused trouble for the kingdom, because as he did not know even more than I did not know, he has stumbled to a crooked way of revealing some of what is right with fiction, having a good in him to prophesy and has he fullfilled? But if the one who came could not fullfill it I have held him blameless, and I am not wanting him to diminish in any way for I do better with such a one alive and he still lives. But he is not my servant and though he comes prior to me he is also not my father. But he brings what he can and what he wanted that none might stumble because of him. Now has not another claimed, a human can deny any impulse but an animal cannot? But is it even good? But being a Christian as I gather him to be he seemed to have received knowledge and sight and perhaps by wisdom, for there is wisdom covering and coming with it, that he has percieved the people he is part of, being Christian. Now if any of the ugly are outside the walls to Nash their teeth and hurl discord than their sound is falling for now because a peace has fallen to dwell and I have loved the good of God. Now if any are worthy who would have the heart than I will be blessed by them, for if there is conflict than there can still be people to have good with. Now in Babel I strive because there is much to be done, but if Babel is to be built than the tower should be pure with Elsnon and with gods and goddesses and that the rich of the good lands might come and go, that what the devil turned I turn back to God, for it is His if it should please Him. Now if the cross is outside the tower and the three crosses and if there is a hill and flowers there and a ring with keys either steel or gold coloured than there is rope, too, attached to the cross, and even a tree that brings forth fruit being a full tree and a pool of water with a stream that runs into it, and a smaller tree that is small, as if insignificant by comparison. Now if I see the crosses empty in this place I do not know why. But if an angel stands with their sword and is arrayed with halos of light and wings I do not know, but the tree is having seductive fruit and the leaves are a rich texture. Now can I with wisdom know it or is a prophet required? But I am afraid to ask the one who commands me.

For being influenced and receiving what could been prophesy the one before has caused trouble for the kingdom, because as he did not know even more than I did not know, he has stumbled to a crooked way of revealing some of what is right with fiction, having a good in him to prophesy and has he fullfilled? But if the one who came could not fullfill it I have held him blameless, and I am not wanting him to diminish in any way for I do better with such a one alive and he still lives. But he is not my servant and though he comes prior to me he is also not my father. But he brings what he can and what he wanted that none might stumble because of him. Now has not another claimed, a human can deny any impulse but an animal cannot? But is it even good? But being a Christian as I gather him to be he seemed to have received knowledge and sight and perhaps by wisdom, for there is wisdom covering and coming with it, that he has percieved the people he is part of, being Christian. Now if any of the ugly are outside the walls to Nash their teeth and hurl discord than their sound is falling for now because a peace has fallen to dwell and I have loved the good of God. Now if any are worthy who would have the heart than I will be blessed by them, for if there is conflict than there can still be people to have good with. Now in Babel I strive because there is much to be done, but if Babel is to be built than the tower should be pure with Elsnon and with gods and goddesses and that the rich of the good lands might come and go, that what the devil turned I turn back to God, for it is His if it should please Him. Now if the cross is outside the tower and the three crosses and if there is a hill and flowers there and a ring with keys either steel or gold coloured than there is rope, too, attached to the cross, and even a tree that brings forth fruit being a full tree and a pool of water with a stream that runs into it, and a smaller tree that is small, as if insignificant by comparison. Now if I see the crosses empty in this place I do not know why. But if an angel stands with their sword and is arrayed with halos of light and wings I do not know, but the tree is having seductive fruit and the leaves are a rich texture. Now can I with wisdom know it or is a prophet required? But I am afraid to ask the one who commands me.

For dog-hood is a thing that is wicked that is in much consideration of challenging others for dominance when there is no cause. For some of these are open much about the challenge, and such appeals to empty Babylon, which is the other name I have given that city, that it appeals to a nothing for the challenge of dominance and not the things of God, which are truth, that there might rather be peace and no dog-hood. For they have turned their heads, many, away from the truth and gone towards the flame and smoke of lies in all things, saying, we are no longer in need of truth for we have grown too old for it.
 
For dog-hood is a thing that is wicked that is in much consideration of challenging others for dominance when there is no cause. For some of these are open much about the challenge, and such appeals to empty Babylon, which is the other name I have given that city, that it appeals to a nothing for the challenge of dominance and not the things of God, which are truth, that there might rather be peace and no dog-hood. For they have turned their heads, many, away from the truth and gone towards the flame and smoke of lies in all things, saying, we are no longer in need of truth for we have grown too old for it.
 
For except it should be, and for the cause, let them hear what is said, for do not they desire to know? But I have the saying of a lion towards Orgoth’s servant, these are the consequences when people are not bullying these people. Now Orgoth’s servant is rebellious against their own lives, which is perversity, for they hate themselves some and have rebelled against their own lives to sin against their own lives, being that of fools who desecrate what is sacred in actions and speech. Now if they desecrate themselves they are seeking equality at times by the destruction of others. For some are commited sin against their own integrity as a person, man or woman, and some sin against their own justice, for such is the manner of their rebellion. Some are dining against their own understanding due to a low place, for one is not attempting to dominate but they are better, and those attacking to remain in a panicked fashion are having the lack of circumciscion by peace and lack of blood-shed. Now fools void of understanding are attacking the whole Earth with rillet and they are even doing the work of Orgoth, but those defending others in truth and justice are later considered offendors to them that the truth might be known.

For except it should be, and for the cause, let them hear what is said, for do not they desire to know? But I have the saying of a lion towards Orgoth’s servant, these are the consequences when people are not bullying these people. Now Orgoth’s servant is rebellious against their own lives, which is perversity, for they hate themselves some and have rebelled against their own lives to sin against their own lives, being that of fools who desecrate what is sacred in actions and speech. Now if they desecrate themselves they are seeking equality at times by the destruction of others. For some are commited sin against their own integrity as a person, man or woman, and some sin against their own justice, for such is the manner of their rebellion. Some are sining against their own understanding due to a low place, for one is not attempting to dominate but they are better, and those attacking to remain in a panicked fashion are having the lack of circumciscion by peace and lack of blood-shed. Now fools void of understanding are attacking the whole Earth with rillet and they are even doing the work of Orgoth, but those defending others in truth and justice are later considered offendors to them that the truth might be known.

For giant spiders have cast webs that the good might be swallowed, so that prudence is good, but gateways are opened and people floating down on pure creatures to give passage and way to the gates for their salvation.

For giant spiders have cast webs that the good might be swallowed, so that prudence is good, but gateways are opened and people floating down on pure creatures to give passage and way to the gates for their salvation.

For giant spiders have cast webs that the good might be swallowed, so that prudence is good, but gateways are opened and people floating down on pure creations, disks of light, or with the saints who do such to take their arm that they fly and float to a place upon the air, so that they are to give passage and way to the gates for their salvation, or where there is war and passageways of light create tunnels of escape that are concealed, and the missionaries gathering people for the kingdom, to inherit eternal life, and the replacing of Babylon with what is better and not puritanical as Babylon is jelous of what is good that they lynch those who have much that is good, as if a ritual. But if Babylon has good yet it is seeking tight control and to close heavy doors and there are soldiers who have placed iron in their hearts against the kingdom of heaven, for they indulge foolish beliefs and fantasies for short times that are not with truth that offence may be claimed where there is none. But the foolishness of Christ, yet it is not foolish, and the glory of the kingdom, yet it could be great. But after plagues and earthquakes there is that empty space and room for new hope, that what emerges is to be clean from that which seeks to crush and kill all.
For have I not given attention? But there is the generation error where some believe a thing is new that was expressed in a similiar fashion many generations prior, for it was always easily understood.

For if they are restrained by need for secrecy, they are developing their skill at hiding from truth, but the people who please God are becoming lights upon a hill.

For many concepts they have there is the good and bad type. Now does the devil do it because of the simple, exploiting the simplicity for war? But there is the good type of pity and the bad type, the good type of laughter and the evil, the good type and the bad type, the good greeting and the bad, the good rebuke and the corrupted, that the devil has corrupted much, for truth is corrupted to lie, and the burning light of the lake of fire is not the light.
 
For not be judged they ran to bring judgement upon them with doing evil, for it is of the lion, that when some are not bullied they have much wrath because they are ignored, that if they would have done much wickedness before they will retaliate with great wickedness towards others for not being judged.
For not be judged they ran to bring judgement upon them with doing evil, for it is of the lion, that when some are not bullied they have much wrath because they are ignored, that if they would have done much wickedness before they will retaliate with great wickedness towards others for not being judged.
For the father when being wise, when investing in something has gone out into his garden to trim and do well for the plant that is beautiful, that he gives to the world as a gift, for he has nurtured the plant, has not smothered it or neglected it, has stood back to allow it to grow has moved in to keep away the beasts that would maul it, has corrected it where needed, has offered it to what is right, has fretted over it and worried over it and has even asked God concerning it, that Abraham is He in this, and he has even worked for himself and given it a portion, and it is a prize in his house for the guests to see, because of its beauty, and he has even given it special places and invited them to see and he has adorned his house with good things and precious stones and said none is better than the plant I nurture, for it even reigns over the other things that are good. Now let the angels see, grab them with righteousness by the garment and force them to see the plant, for their business must cease for it. Now who is described? But surely this is a rich man. Now if a rich man being wise does this than let the light of splendour blind the people, and let those who are in darkness repent of foolishness.
 
For the other book: There are many things that are to be permitted, that though you think you know, when you know more, you are permitting it, that the one who is correcting without knowing more is sometimes resented. But then are not all such? But if any wishes to go astray is it not for God and not for people to be against? For denying freedom, when you are not stopping, is it not against God? Now you do not know the strategies of God and are not all wise as He is and capable of knowing the future as he does, and as we have been told, not even the prophets can know the future well, but know some of the future and are able to prophesy, but your wisdom is sufficient to know that to be against a person’s freedom is against them and God, so that your rebukes when they have been rejected and it is another’s freedom are then the works of war against God when you are not relenting, and God is with them who would be rebuked and is it even so far that the one who does not relent is to be outside the kingdom of heaven if they do not relent? But God is with the one who is rebuked? But this is not the same as a parent who corrects their child, the one they love, and a person has only to know who their parents are, and it is not the wise rebuke that is for the person attaining their goal. But if it is not their goal than what can any do? But you think it is so easy to be against God that a hypocracy and contradiction occurs? But I write about matters that are in the realm of war where people would attempt to attack in an ugly way, and not the rebukes and departures of society. But if it is in the realm of war then you will heed the proverb if you wish to know that this is not for society but is for it where any has entered into the realm of war, so that none of it applies and should be considered unless a person is exceeding that which is in the realm of society and they must go far for this to happen. But many things are to be permitted and you know what is acceptable, that no anti-Christ spirit be among you to wage war against the beuitiful, for a wise rebuke is beautiful and what is beautiful cannot be in error in this matter, and so who is it against? But it is against the ugly who are not with you, that they are not part of your church, and have come to be an attacking soldier, have come in their foolishness and atomicity to be soldiers who would be against God, to cause the people who are His to sin. Therefore if you are part of the church than this is not for you and does not apply to you in anything you do, because you are beautiful and you are permitted and more is right for you in the eyes of God and people on Earth.

For the other book: There are many things that are to be permitted, that though you think you know, when you know more, you are permitting it, that the one who is correcting without knowing more is sometimes resented. But then are not all such? But if any wishes to go astray is it not for God and not for people to be against? For denying freedom, when you are not stopping, is it not against God? Now you do not know the strategies of God and are not all wise as He is and capable of knowing the future as he does, and as we have been told, not even the prophets can know the future well, but know some of the future and are able to prophesy, but your wisdom is sufficient to know that to be against a person’s freedom is against them and God, so that your rebukes when they have been rejected and it is another’s freedom are then the works of war against God when you are not relenting, and God is with them who would be rebuked and is it even so far that the one who does not relent is to be outside the kingdom of heaven if they do not relent? But God is with the one who is rebuked? But this is not the same as a parent who corrects their child, the one they love, and a person has only to know who their parents are, and it is not the wise rebuke that is for the person attaining their goal. But if it is not their goal than what can any do? But you think it is so easy to be against God that a hypocracy and contradiction occurs? But I write about matters that are in the realm of war where people would attempt to attack in an ugly way, and not the rebukes and departures of society. But if it is in the realm of war then you will heed the proverb if you wish to know that this is not for society but is for it where any has entered into the realm of war, so that none of it applies and should be considered unless a person is exceeding that which is in the realm of society and they must go far for this to happen. But many things are to be permitted and you know what is acceptable, that no anti-Christ spirit be among you to wage war against the beuitiful, for a wise rebuke is beautiful and what is beautiful cannot be in error in this matter, and so who is it against? But it is against the ugly who are not with you, that they are not part of your church, and have come to be an attacking soldier, have come in their foolishness and atomicity to be soldiers who would be against God, to cause the people who are His to sin. Therefore if you are part of the church than this is not for you and does not apply to you in anything you do, because you are beautiful and you are permitted and more is right for you in the eyes of God and people on Earth. Now the anti-Christ wishes for uglieness as he is full of wickedness and against beauty, and he has self-hatred, hatred of humanity, hatred of God, hatred that informs those on his house of hell, that gives birth by a core motive of man to that which it will. For hatred is more with the levels of understand and that most shallow level than the other levels, being deeper, that absorb the bad motive and dampen its effects. But where there is no thing that will dampen, than the effects are at their greatest. Not all that is good and done will inform the motive, and if the motive is overcome it will render reward back to what is good that good will increase again as the outward work was done and good increased and the inner battle won and good increased so that beauty and the afterlife of reward is to those better at fighting, who are victorious, but those who lose become ugly, and will perish into hell.

For the other book: There are many things that are to be permitted, that though you think you know, when you know more, you are permitting it, that the one who is correcting without knowing more is sometimes resented. But then are not all such? But if any wishes to go astray is it not for God and not for people to be against? For denying freedom, when you are not stopping, is it not against God? Now you do not know the strategies of God and are not all wise as He is and capable of knowing the future as he does, and as we have been told, not even the prophets can know the future well, but know some of the future and are able to prophesy, but your wisdom is sufficient to know that to be against a person’s freedom is against them and God, so that your rebukes when they have been rejected and it is another’s freedom are then the works of war against God when you are not relenting, and God is with them who would be rebuked and is it even so far that the one who does not relent is to be outside the kingdom of heaven if they do not relent? But God is with the one who is rebuked? But this is not the same as a parent who corrects their child, the one they love, and a person has only to know who their parents are, and it is not the wise rebuke that is for the person attaining their goal. But if it is not their goal than what can any do? But you think it is so easy to be against God that a hypocracy and contradiction occurs? But I write about matters that are in the realm of war where people would attempt to attack in an ugly way, and not the rebukes and departures of society. But if it is in the realm of war then you will heed the proverb if you wish to know that this is not for society but is for it where any has entered into the realm of war, so that none of it applies and should be considered unless a person is exceeding that which is in the realm of society and they must go far for this to happen. But many things are to be permitted and you know what is acceptable, that no anti-Christ spirit be among you to wage war against the beuitiful, for a wise rebuke is beautiful and what is beautiful cannot be in error in this matter, and so who is it against? But it is against the ugly who are not with you, that they are not part of your church, and have come to be an attacking soldier, have come in their foolishness and atomicity to be soldiers who would be against God, to cause the people who are His to sin. Therefore if you are part of the church than this is not for you and does not apply to you in anything you do, because you are beautiful and you are permitted and more is right for you in the eyes of God and people on Earth. Now the anti-Christ wishes for uglieness as he is full of wickedness and against beauty, and he has self-hatred, hatred of humanity, hatred of God, hatred that informs those on his house of hell, that gives birth by a core motive of man to that which it will. For hatred is more with the levels of understand and that most shallow level than the other levels, being deeper, that absorb the bad motive and dampen its effects. But where there is no thing that will dampen, than the effects are at their greatest. Not all that is good and done will inform the motive, and if the motive is overcome it will render reward back to what is good that good will increase again as the outward work was done and good increased and the inner battle won and good increased so that beauty and the afterlife of reward is to those better at fighting, who are victorious, but those who lose become ugly, and will perish into hell. Now if any has made ugly by the ugly as they, some of them, are homicidal sicophants, violent and mutilating, than as Christ returned on the third day so they will return, either on Earth or in Heaven, that these evil beasts are horrible and wicked, as it may be understood. But in matters of war and combat when it is truly so will you be able to judge almost two or three things that a person could do when there is true war? For if the soldiers who would protect you are wicked and stubborn, being traitors to the wicked because their hearts are wicked and stubborn, than what can you do if any ugly person has thought to mutilate and utterly kill in their intense rage and hatred that is with jealousy? But if an ugly person should even be killed, and some are, because of their uglieness, and not because of what beauty they have, even then, how can any judge a beautiful person when the neutral soldiers have become stubborn traitors? But should the angels perish that when there is war before God he will have no army and those on Earth will be swallowed into hell? But has any of them believed that the devil with them will make their own afterlife? Can God be vanquished being God? So how does and angel believe they can defeat Him and his armies? But did God not create the heavens and the angels who dwell in it? Do you believe that any believed that God could be killed? But when a country is taken from an Empire by those who dwell in it than does the King die? But the Empire of a great King would have many countries. Now how does a rebellious man speak when such is said? But let him have truth if he wishes it, else he has no rebellion against God, but only against what is on Earth.

For their inner heart knows it that they do not, for what should be occuring to them in terms of evil they are of much heart to do to others, for the inner heart cries out for justice to be done to the person who has the heart.


For there is a failing towards you that is as a blameless trechory for which there is no judgement or wrath, and it is not even Joseph, but is only what occurs.

For this has happened in my time. Now the owners of great wealth who are few, are called zetorin and they have not yet, being before the sign has passed Earth, used the actions of zeolots against humanity to be known by humanity, for the knowledge is dampened to nothing, for to pay the scavenger dogs who attack with hope of reward, being the scavenger-dogs, is considered terrorism when it is against the artist or messengers of Ria, and in other cases as well, and it is considered so by the governments so that the war is restrained and made possible by the governments who support one side and then support another, that the war is kept to some things but does not become more and it is made possible in this way. Now restraints to combat are breached by some and hindering others and Babylon has breached much and has cast away almost all restrictions.

For this has happened in my time. Now the owners of great wealth who are few, are called zetorin and they have not yet, being before the sign has passed Earth, used the actions of zeolots against humanity to be known by humanity, for the knowledge is dampened to nothing, for to pay the scavenger dogs who attack with hope of reward, being the scavenger-dogs, is considered terrorism when it is against the artist or messengers of Ria, and in other cases as well, and it is considered so by the governments so that the war is restrained and made possible by the governments who support one side and then support another, that the war is kept to some things but does not become more and it is made possible in this way. Now restraints to combat are breached by some and hindering others and Babylon has breached much and has cast away almost all restrictions.

For though a small army of Babylon’s soldiers have turned their swords against God and one of his people it is known that the devil controls the hearts of Babylonians that they need not even acknowledge these things and yet their loyalty and obedience to the devil is not failing, that if they are to be against God than their battle is accounted for, that they are traitors towards God, and yet were they ever loyal to Him?

For though men above land and above ur cannot comprehend the hearts of those whose hearts are in the lake of fire, they would perceive it as something higher but know what is still evil and wrong.
 
For war is on the city and those of the enemy are dressed as us to attack while we fight, revealed to those who fight and the citizens of that place. For they masquerade as fair judges of soldiers while they might as if they were our citizens in peace time, to speak with obnoxious judgements that favour the enemy and are placing them on the enemies side. But a fellow citizen would judge in your favour because you have the truth of God. And a fellow citizen would defend you against their own child if their child was among the enemy, that they might be just. But one is the weapon of the enemy and why would they stop the weapon because the weapon and them are both the enemy and neither are fellow citizens with you but both have hated you with intensity, although the one who does not stop the weapon feigns arragance and indifference to mock you and speak cruelty and show cruelty against you when they are satisfied with the deeds of the weapon and that their hatred is being fullfilled although they do this as a participation with the weapon and as the enemy who is below and of the devil’s. For an entire family is the devil’s and one masqurauds as a fellow citizen with you but they are with the enemy that they might aid the enemy in war, for if they should portray themselves as a blameless judge who is to be fair they are being obnoxious in the perverse words they speak and mocking. For it is war, and let their corpses be thrown outside the city for none of them are citizens with you.

For war is on the city and those of the enemy are dressed as us to attack while we fight, revealed to those who fight and the citizens of that place. For they masquerade as fair judges of soldiers while they might as if they were our citizens in peace time, to speak with obnoxious judgements that favour the enemy and are placing them on the enemies side. But a fellow citizen would judge in your favour because you have the truth of God. And a fellow citizen would defend you against their own child if their child was among the enemy, that they might be just. But one is the weapon of the enemy and why would they stop the weapon because the weapon and them are both the enemy and neither are fellow citizens with you but both have hated you with intensity, although the one who does not stop the weapon feigns arragance and indifference to mock you and speak cruelty and show cruelty against you when they are satisfied with the deeds of the weapon and that their hatred is being fullfilled although they do this as a participation with the weapon and as the enemy who is below and of the devil’s. For an entire family is the devil’s and one masqurauds as a fellow citizen with you but they are with the enemy that they might aid the enemy in war, for if they should portray themselves as a blameless judge who is to be fair they are being obnoxious in the perverse words they speak and mocking. For it is war, and let their corpses be thrown outside the city for none of them are citizens with you.

For war is on the city and those of the enemy are dressed as us to attack while we fight, revealed to those who fight and the citizens of that place. For they masquerade as fair judges of soldiers while they fight, as if they were our citizens in peace time, to speak with obnoxious judgements that favour the enemy and are placing them on the enemies side. But a fellow citizen would judge in your favour because you have the truth of God. And a fellow citizen would defend you against their own child if their child was among the enemy, that they might be just. But one is the weapon of the enemy and why would they stop the weapon because the weapon and them are both the enemy and neither are fellow citizens with you but both have hated you with intensity, although the one who does not stop the weapon feigns arragance and indifference to mock you and speak cruelty and show cruelty against you when they are satisfied with the deeds of the weapon and that their hatred is being fullfilled although they do this as a participation with the weapon and as the enemy who is below and of the devil’s. For an entire family is the devil’s and one masqurauds as a fellow citizen with you but they are with the enemy that they might aid the enemy in war, for if they should portray themselves as a blameless judge who is to be fair they are being obnoxious in the perverse words they speak and mocking. For it is war, and let their corpses be thrown outside the city for none of them are citizens with you.

For we have not given permission to any soldier to destroy our society though they have enforced, and to defend those beneath ur in their attacks, though they are to be roaming against them.
For what is this thing, but is David an angel? Because his wisdom is among the angels.

For when it comes to calling names in a low way, how is it a person knows it is projection? But a realm exists of light, and it is the realm of the philosophers, for they are not warriors with such light and cannot do any battle on Earth.

For when it comes to calling names in a low way, how is it a person knows it is projection? But a realm exists of white light, and it is the realm of the philosophers, for they are not warriors with such light and cannot do any battle on Earth.

From the good comes good, and from the evil comes evil, and the heart of another and the actions of another are what they are. Now if Jacob did not attack the goats when he was being delt with wickedly to be robbed than for what cause does any attack the Jews? Now the one who attacks Jews with wickedness are those who would attempt to mutilate the child in God’s house and if they would do this to one who is not at war, how low they are and have admitted so in their hearts. Now if they desire peace, than must it be with God, that their anger towards what is not might be appeased? For did God give any of these people to be servants of the Jews? But some have become lithesome because they are not accepting knowledge of righteousness that is with those who would understand? But it is not the case, only they have not accepted righteousness.

From the good comes good, and from the evil comes evil, and the heart of another and the actions of another are what they are. Now if Jacob did not attack the goats when he was being delt with wickedly to be robbed than for what cause does any attack the Jews?
 
God is not for the children of Beelzebub, that they might wield scripture so that they have already shed blood, and then to do the work of evil and wickedness against God’s house. But the children of Beelzebub have their kingdom in fire and anguish, and as they would kill the righteous they do of themselves and their master who has them.

Haters of the prince, traitors to the prince, soldiers against the prince, soldiers of another king against the prince, father and daughter against the prince, treasonous servant, wicked and rebellious against the prince, all are murderers except for the daughter, and all must die except for the woman when they have done no thing not in keeping with this. Now it is making sense that you be able to have more children and yet the actions of money have made a limit that does not have to be. For justice, too, must be possible and not a burden.

So I must give some about my own, and yet I am not really of the nation in which I reside. For I am as if a visitor to Earth and those of the kingdom of heaven are such.
 
He belongs with us, a brilliant one, mighty in intelligence, but he is too harsh for us, and yet he does does not belong with the group who takes him and his family is too scattered by our crimes, so that my house has been a remnant and now even it is harassed a little by the enemy, and the house of the intelligent one too harsh for us, for they call the brilliant brother of one of him too rude and honest, he is with a house not his and it should be at peace with us even if some of our house are not recognizing it and resenting a little. For our house has mighty and wise who are carrying out the work of soldiers in Ria, and our house has brilliant ones, meek and intelligent who are wise, and more direct and wrestling who are kind kings among us, that we have lions and meek and we are not all together that we should not be destroyed and yet the devil has known where each of us are, and those who reveal such should die as traitors, for war is upon us. Now the rude and brilliant one has said what is too harsh for our house, that it is a sign and that God makes all a symbol of the spiritual if the right thing is known as the symbol of what is occurring, that the symbol would be assigned correctly. Now if all is being parellel than he has said they are not worthy of their daughters and if wisdom is used, because of lack of righteousness because righteousness did not contain them to do justice, and the plague from them is a sign, that without understanding that is with sentience for others, they spread to become a problem. Now I have consulted him in spirit as if in Ria also, that he is become a guest in spirit, and he is too harsh for me, for what will he say about us when one as him is from another land, and will it be even worse? For if these are the peasants of the Earth, than their ways are promoting wisdom, but that wisdom of a peasant people, and not that of the Island which is not of peasants in ideas of politeness, but of great things being there and nobility, that they have done all we have done and before us that we are as them and Jews, being with many Christians. Now if they practise again more ideas of peasants who have spoken against us, they are doing what is of peasants in other ways, and so the eldest is the youngest, and the youngest being part of many things and taking what has been acceptable for us. But it might be, for my people have some lack of strength and we are being adorable by one way good and by another way uncomplimentary, and I have mentioned it because of the guest because I give his words, for another nation has required it because of their words, and so I must give some about my own, and yet I am not really of the nation in which I reside. For I am as if a visitor to Earth and those of the kingdom of heaven are such. Now the people who have survived by wisdom, by wise things, including the honouring of their parents, have come from many things of peasants who are poor, and the land was numerous with them, and if they have become too numerous as would be considered because of morality that justice has not kept their numbers that they are not able to have children in many ways, than it is not good that they not be able and they have not adopted that of greatness that justice might occur when they have had wicked and great good, that they have been a thing of what might be impossible, and yet they have not taken more to change that they have great numbers. Now they are a people as if of equality in many ways and the rich do not answer directly and the poor do not keep with politeness and there are not enough wicked occuring and becoming so by the way of the righteous that they refuse God and become wicked, and they become numerous and multiply that a great evil happens to them for they have kept to one thing and did not welcome the other, so that they are not able to have children, for they keep close to such a way that there are no great wars and no great amounts of death, for they are what survives in great numbers, not perishing and not being of the rich to be answering directly, and not as righteous in zeal to wage
 war, but peasants and surviving, and there is truth, for such is wise and able to survive, and yet another people has wished to die in battle.
He is great in the ability of maintaining insolence, that as he throws away truth with great expertise, he departs from the standard reason of a human, and becomes that which is worthy to be dismissed and ignored.
Homicidal sicophants have attempted to crush the young who are innocent and no person kicks at their shins so that the evil are truly to be lacking in the greatness to protect that the younger is taking charge of the kingdoms, and because the younger is preferable they are unable to do rightly by them and pressured they lash away from what is right to degrade themselves by attacking the younger. So a new thing is emerging that does not inherit the sins of the parent, and it is my belief that they are parented by God.

How many times did the children of Satan tempt Him to sin with His mouth, that an evil spirit on Earth might portray Him to be something else than what He was? But where they have tempted Him and tested Him with pressure He survived to lay down His life, the pure lamb and a man who was human, speaking without guile, but truth and the enemy has brought lies to His mouth because of the children of Satan. He spoke truth and good and the Romans put vinegar on His lips and those who came later put lies. So they knew it not. Who He forgives I cannot blame for they have done Him wrong and He has surpassed me. Let one who is tenderly loved by Him offer what he can and give back the truth to those who did not intend to go astray from the literal words of His lips when He avoided their traps. For the woman who is no wife is put away by God if it is so by a man that the break is made by wrong that she divorces wisdom before she is put away. Let not the imposter attempt to bring the pure to hell, and drag the Lord’s kingdom down with her to that place of fire and sin. Because of the Lord there is that which never was and the man is keeping then to God and his wife is another, because he is truly alone, with no wife who truly is for him. But blessed is a faithful woman whose beautiful spirit is preserved in Heaven.

How much more the man who women of the devil even are jelous of, but the woman is not made man by uglieness. For she has said on sight, it is not for me to inherit.


I am for being patient to the extremely sensitive who lash out, because they are not well, and such is probably temporary. For a species is not against itself and the understanding of a man is like the Christ.
I cannot be made of money, less I be sick, for money will not enter, and God has made it so.
 
I cannot be made of money, less I be sick, for money will not enter, and God has made it so. Has God not given his commands? But I am the Lord’s first and foremost.
I cannot be made of money, less I be sick, for money will not enter, and God has made it so. Has God not given his commands? But I am the Lord’s first and foremost.
I have because of Babel that ankylosaurs were slow witted and yet it is no so in Enoch’s world, but if what I thought was triceratops is an ankylosaur I leave to others, as with what I believed was called mammoth or mastadon they actually call brontosaurus. I apologize to the ankylosaur for the things in Ria that are calling them slow witted, for in Enoch’s world neither the ankylosaur or brontosaurus is slow witted as to be called such. Now the female spider is not slow witted or unintelligent and as for dogs, I offer them no defence.
I have written unos which is what I call wise paragraphs that are like short quotes and like proverbs only not sayings literally that can be said because proverbs that were short were not sufficient for me. I have also written proverbs that can be said as they are shorter. The unos of The Diary of Lucifer and those attached books are given to the Elsnon and are accessible to all people but those who wear the symbol if it pleases them, are the Elsnon. Now women who are Elsnon are known without the symbol when they are beautiful and of beautiful behaviour that is in keeping with the concept of the daughter who has not been neglected but shows good behaviour that is beautiful due to good parenting, that such women are superior and of various types and personalities and virteous that they are for receiving blessing and considered to be of sound understanding that is not deceived by the ugly. The men are many things and are moral and having righteousness, wisdom, justice, every good path that is acceptable to God, not having the same portions as women and yet having those portions and praise that is for men, that women who are not throwing their portion away and men, who would surpass, knowing what is right praise for them when it is so, that some are even praised by women with those things that are praised in women. But morality is for the men of the Elsnon who are not being an evil people.
I have written unos which is what I call wise paragraphs that are like short quotes and like proverbs only not sayings literally that can be said because proverbs that were short were not sufficient for me. I have also written proverbs that can be said as they are shorter. The unos of The Diary of Lucifer and those attached books are given to the Elsnon and are accessible to all people but those who wear the symbol if it pleases them, are the Elsnon. Now women who are Elsnon are known without the symbol when they are beautiful and of beautiful behaviour that is in keeping with the concept of the daughter who has not been neglected but shows good behaviour that is beautiful due
 to good parenting, that such women are superior and of various types and personalities and virteous that they are for receiving blessing and considered to be of sound understanding that is not deceived by the ugly. The men are many things and are moral and having righteousness, wisdom, justice, every good path that is acceptable to God, that women who are not throwing their portion away. But morality is for the men of the Elsnon who are not being an evil people, and they are not easily deceived as God has given them early an advantageous ability that is not being fair but is what God willed in what He did to be right in some thing by giving this to the first that He created and another great portion to her who he made from the adam’s rib, that by wisdom she would not pointlessly throw her portion away to have nothing and neither any portion so that the devil is not able to mock her in cruelty as he has hated her and hated the adam who has walked with God. Now if one plant grows one way and another plant another way, so they journey differently and yet they are capable to become one and God can join them in marriage. Now the devil is cast out and looking at them from some places with hatred for them and so are the spirits of the devil’s that are Babylonian that the kingdom of Heaven is able to be pure where it goes and free of Babyolon and the devil so that it is in many ways attempting to break down the gate or slip over the wall.
I heard about a survellience person who w became so offended and angry with what they were reading from the person they were spying on that they hi-jacked the intercom system and began doing what not even the Bush administration would do.
I heard about a survellience person who w became so offended and angry with what they were reading from the person they were spying on that they hi-jacked the intercom system and began doing what not even the Bush administration would do.
If any is being foolish and determined as if lacking common sense than they have already received the command from their group of hell and wickedness, for they have received from Orgoth and do as they believe they must.
If every problem a person has is solved by comprehension of reality that is taken for granted and is there immediately what manner of person is it? But is it a human or something else if the person does not seem to be sentient? For does it know why it is doing anything? Now if it does not, than what profit is there in speaking to it? But if it is still being aggressive and the soldiers will do nothing than how can any say that the government is not against you? But who do you then turn to? For they have attempted to remove people from employment and put them on the street as a homeless person because killing them would not go unpunished that the corrupt official would say you may do this evil to those we hate but you may not kill any of them. So if you were spared are they persecuting those who would be with you? But there are beautiful people upon the streets here and though there are no fires anymore or flaming arrows they are given up to live or die and not able always to recover from what occurred. Now what has gone out from the corrupt leaders that would agree with those corrupt in the government that they may not kill but they may make them homeless that their voices not be heard against any who has commited wrong. Now I would not be surprised if it erupted in violence and yet a movement was pushed further and hi-jacked, perhaps by those who lead it, and the guilty have gone to those above the Ocean to draw sympathy to say, these will destroy all of us. Now if the city is swelling with those who do not have the power anymore to give aid, than what has been dissolved and only to remain in image? But there is much crime that cannot even be judged anymore due to the poverty and lack of aid. 
If every problem a person has is solved by comprehension of reality that is taken for granted and is there immediately, what manner of person is it? But is it a human or something else if the person does not seem to be sentient? For does it know why it is doing anything? Now if it does not, than what profit is there in speaking to it? But if it is still being aggressive and the soldiers will do nothing than how can any say that the government is not against you? But who do you then turn to? For they have attempted to remove people from employment and put them on the street as a homeless person because killing them would not go unpunished that the corrupt official would say you may do this evil to those we hate but you may not kill any of them. So if you were spared are they persecuting those who would be with you? But there are beautiful people upon the streets here and though there are no fires anymore or flaming arrows they are given up to live or die and not able always to recover from what occurred. Now what has gone out from the corrupt leaders that would agree with those corrupt in the government that they may not kill but they may make them homeless that their voices not be heard against any who has commited wrong. Now I would not be surprised if it erupted in violence and yet a movement was pushed further and hi-jacked, perhaps by those who lead it, and the guilty have gone to those above the Ocean to draw sympathy to say, these will destroy all of us. Now if the city is swelling with those who do not have the power anymore to give aid, than what has been dissolved and only to remain in image? But there is much crime that cannot even be judged anymore due to the poverty and lack of aid. Then for other matters, I will mention the cults of Earth, that are, some of them exchanging morality for judgements of what is not wrong and not morality, that they are not people anymore, but types of anti-people, being the opposite of people in what the judge,  that you cannot understand them and they are frustrating for some to deal with. For they do not judge what is wrong by morality but judge what is not wrong according to their hearts and doctrine. These are not always soldiers of Beelzebub but they can seem so, although they have been encouraged in their heart’s alteration by the cult. Now they have been given new structures being a new paradigm that is not natural for humans and shows a lack of basic human understanding. These are having evil that they seem to think is justice against what is not wrong. For this is another cult of the devil that exists in Babylon.
If it ever needs to be stated and I’m not sure it would, Abel is not jelous of Cain he just doesn’t want to be attacked anymore by him, disabled by his kind every time he is succeeding, and murdered by him.
If it ever needs to be stated and I’m not sure it would, Abel is not jelous of Cain he just doesn’t want to be attacked anymore by him, disabled by his kind every time he is succeeding, and murdered by him.
If one is doing types of combat as harrassments and strategic attacks, and yet they say, it is nothing, but I do what is as sport by what I have learned to fight a war, than this is a zeolot that does believing it sport, that if they die, it is as a reckless beast who was insane with sickness being brought down, for it was goring villagers.
If one is doing types of combat as harrassments and strategic attacks, and yet they say, it is nothing, but I do what is as sport by what I have learned to fight a war, than this is a zeolot that does believing it sport, that if they die, it is as a reckless beast who was insane with sickness being brought down, for it was goring villagers.
If one should wish to be in the realm of childhood, which is good and pleasing to God, than they should be innocent, but the one who enters into offensive action must know the understanding and morality of a wise adult.
If the book is little than the man wants to wrestle, so return him to me that my will might be known.
If wicked fools fight for a cause then going to those they fight for, those before the soldiers, is to go to the problem for which the soldiers have fought. Now if some of those they fight for join you yet they still fight then in truth it is others they fight for and possibly a foolish cause that is lacking reason for soldiers.
If you are not straying then what destruction is there, less someone cause a person to stray, that such is one who has murdered, and was Abel not also murdered? But if religious war is with, being spiritual then know that the physical soldiers of Satan have come upon you and the Lord knows it and has all power over them and you, that He created the Universe, and is capable of judging. Now it is the wisdom of another and not of mine, to know that those who must be pure against what is outside them and are to be defiled by the existence of what is not even wrong, because they are not well, are for performing the will of Satan and devouring the good with the evil and what is more clean than them, because they make themselves clean and do not regard their wickedness. Now are these to ever be considered Jews? But the wisdom is not of me and I would not have considered it had I not heard like pieces of a rumour to consider, that error might be found in my curiosity, that I will hope that you do not blame me. Now pride is not with love, when it is excessive, and the one whose actions are forced beyond the limit, controlled by pride, are not well. Those who inherit the wind are those doing wrong without guilt or remorse, that they do not repent, that they keep themselves from gaining. Now if a person is abused and they say it is not so and beyond the limit of saying such, are they keeping to truth, and is it better for them to not admit the truth within them or even outward if they choose? But if a wicked man will panic than will not the righteous decern, and understand?
If you are not straying then what destruction is there, less someone
 cause a person to stray, that such is one who has murdered, and was Abel not also murdered? But if religious war is with, being spiritual then know that the physical soldiers of Satan have come upon you and the Lord knows it and has all power over them and you, that He created the Universe, and is capable of judging. Now it is the wisdom of another and not of mine, to know that those who must be pure against what is outside them and are to be defiled by the existence of what is not even wrong, because they are not well, are for performing the will of Satan and devouring the good with the evil and what is more clean than them, because they make themselves clean and do not regard their wickedness. Now are these to ever be considered Jews? But the wisdom is not of me and I would not have considered it had I not heard like pieces of a rumour to consider, that error might be found in my curiosity, that I will hope that you do not blame me. Now pride is not with love, when it is excessive, and the one whose actions are forced beyond the limit, controlled by pride, are not well. Those who inherit the wind are those doing wrong without guilt or remorse, that they do not repent, that they keep themselves from gaining. Now if a person is abused and they say it is not so and beyond the limit of saying such, are they keeping to truth, and is it better for them to not admit the truth within them or even outward if they choose? But if a wicked man will panic than will not the righteous decern, and understand?
If you have tempted the son of God to speak evil and He gave you truth, know that He gave you no lie and died to make a way. Now the one who has made me possible is the one who delivered you, and my words are possible because of Him. A man cut off from riches will likely lose all, and yet I belong to another and not to money. A stubborn son is obeying while the obedient is in the grip of the devil, and so let me then inherit more, that I be loved in the later end. For if He answered you here with what seems like guile, know that it was with understanding and the greater kindness, or so is my opinion because I do not speak for Him, but no loyalty can be to me if it is not more to Him because his right hand is Him and what is given and is good is from Him to you. Now is a man being human and given language able to do more or are you to be a hypocrite? What can be said that is right with language because if He did not sin, neither do you, and is He not human to show the measure of obedience and what man is capable of? But He has made Himself a little lower than the angels to come to Earth to be human and fulfill all the obedience of a human man and to be an example of such. Now do you perceive Him here as not Human but the son who has not lowered Himself to be one of you. Even more so then than you, He is human and a man, frail and suffering like a man and suffering more as He was killed as a man who bore His great hardship. Will you not then pity Him and pick Him up as another man? Or is He to then suffer on His own without help? But would you prefer an angel not yet ascended to a mortal man like you? I would not let you be deceived by any evil spirit that dwells on this Earth and so I wish to speak the truth.
If you have tempted the son of God to speak evil and He gave you truth, know that He gave you no lie and died to make a way. Now the one who has made me possible is the one who delivered you, and my words are possible because of Him. A man cut off from riches will likely lose all, and yet I belong to another and not to money. A stubborn son is obeying while the obedient is in the grip of the devil, and so let me then inherit more, that I be loved in the later end. For if He answered you here with what seems like guile, know that it was with understanding and the greater kindness, or so is my opinion because I do not speak for Him, but no loyalty can be to me if it is not more to Him because his right hand is Him and what is given and is good is from Him to you. Now is a man being human and given language able to do more or are to be a hypocrite? What can be said that is right with language because if He did not sin, neither do you, and is He not human to show the measure of obedience and what man is capable of? But He has made Himself a little lower than the angels to come to Earth to be human and fulfill all the obedience of a human man and to be an example of such. Now do you perceive Him here as not Human but the son who has not lowered Himself to be one of you. Even more so then than you, He is human and a man, frail and suffering like a man and suffering more as He was killed as a man who bore His great hardship. Will you not then pity Him and pick Him up as another man? Or is He to then suffer on His own without help? But would you prefer an angel not yet ascended to a mortal man like you? I would not let you be deceived by any evil spirit that dwells on this Earth and so I wish to speak the truth.
If you have tempted the son of God to speak evil and He gave you truth, know that He gave you no lie and died to make a way. Now the one who has made me possible is the one who delivered you, and my words are possible because of Him. A man cut off from riches will likely lose all, and yet I belong to another and not to money. A stubborn son is obeying while the obedient is in the grip of the devil, and so let me then inherit more, that I be loved in the later end. For if He answered you here with what seems like guile, know that it was with understanding and the greater kindness, or so is my opinion because I do not speak for Him, but no loyalty can be to me if it is not more to Him because his right hand is Him and what is given and is good is from Him to you.
If you would betray one do not steal from them, but the enemy is known for what they are, that they were not loyal before.
Ignorant, arrogant, and having exploited a corruption of culture and religious decency. A characteristic of a type of animal that is particularly intolerant of people and is often verbally and physically in the realm of short tempered violence.
Ignorant, arrogant, and having exploited a corruption of culture and religious decency. A characteristic of a type of animal that is particularly intolerant of people and is often verbally and physically in the realm of short tempered violence.
Ignorant, arrogant, and having exploited a corruption of culture and religious decency. A characteristic of a type of animal that is particularly intolerant of people and is often verbally and physically in the realm of short tempered violence. Often the animal is fuelled by its corrupted version of culture and religious decency, to become very angry. If it attacks people it will usually do so again.
Ignorant, arrogant, and having exploited a corruption of culture and religious decency. A characteristic of a type of animal that is particularly intolerant of people and is often verbally and physically in the realm of short tempered violence. Often the animal is fuelled by its corrupted version of culture and religious decency, to become very angry. If it attacks people it will usually do so again.
Ignorant, arrogant, and having exploited a corruption of culture and religious decency. A characteristic of a type of animal that is particularly intolerant of people and is often verbally and physically in the realm of short tempered violence. Often the animal is fuelled by its corrupted version of culture and religious decency, to become very angry. If it attacks people it will usually do so again.
Ignorant, arrogant, and having exploited a corruption of shame culture.
In my century there are people who lack understanding due to the great exaggerations of fictional stories and acted portrayals that are exxagerated so an audience can understand. So there are fools who will do evil that is great and believe it to be nothing, and they have not heeded the correction of older people when they were children to tell them of their error, so that they do not understand that humans, by nature, cannot adapt to a different standard of wrong and even abuse and that attempts to do so cause problems for them. My own generation is not portrayed accurately and when society reached a limit with the previous generation they began to give us what we could not want as if to sell it to us, and some sought to cater to foolish ugly people as if we would want it. 
In my time fools have taken action then spoken as supporters of those they would attack to declare themselves victorious, for they did not like to be disregarded with ease according to truth and what is real, that they love greatly to mislabel their own actions according to their lacking understanding, to praise themselves victorious where they are fools whose consequence is immediate or soon. For they are fools as if speaking and dreaming aloud with perverse honesty that is not honest, that they speak their whole hearts in a perverse way. For some of these are dogs who are for disbelief, rebellious towards what is good rather than towards what is evil, for there are different types of rebels and these are speaking sometimes strange as if lacking understanding, claiming territory much that is not theirs and claiming victory much that cannot be had. But they are covered in fire and dirt and they are like rocks with fire and dirt, that are aflame. For they are for desecrations of good, of lacking decency to an extent that rages inside at the one noble who is keeping to truth, like one who lacks decency where discretion is used, that it does not at all seem wrong to them to look where they are not belonging, to speak of what is with due descretion. For chains of rage shake within them at what is good spoken of God, and actions to force out those who please God are becoming them quickly when they have not yet learned to conceal it.
 For the men, will they not desecrate? But they do not perceive that what has come from them is a desecration to themselves. Now are the women so deceived in this thing? But who is a woman who is at the rebellion of Korah who is compared to the men? But they are as those speaking of matters of descretion in ways that bring shame to themselves, that cause others ponder lack of understanding, so nothing I have written is given to them and none of it is placed before them by me.
In my time fools have taken action then spoken as supporters of those they would attack to declare themselves victorious, for they did not like to be disregarded with ease according to truth and what is real, that they love greatly to mislabel their own actions according to their lacking understanding, to praise themselves victorious where they are fools whose consequence is immediate or soon. For they are fools as if speaking and dreaming aloud with perverse honesty that is not honest, that they speak their whole hearts in a perverse way.
In my time fools have taken action then spoken as supporters of those they would attack to declare themselves victorious, for they did not like to be disregarded with ease according to truth and what is real, that they love greatly to mislabel their own actions according to their lacking understanding, to praise themselves victorious where they are fools whose consequence is immediate or soon. For they are fools as if speaking and dreaming aloud with perverse honesty that is not honest, that they speak their whole hearts in a perverse way.
In my time fools have taken action then spoken as supporters of those they would attack to declare themselves victorious, for they did not like to be disregarded with ease according to truth and what is real, that they love greatly to mislabel their own actions according to their lacking understanding, to praise themselves victorious where they are fools whose consequence is immediate or soon. For they are fools as if speaking and dreaming aloud with perverse honesty that is not honest, for it is with wickedness also, that they speak their whole hearts in a perverse way. For some of these are dogs who are for disbelief, rebellious towards what is good rather than towards what is evil, for there are different types of rebels and these are speaking sometimes strange as if lacking understanding, claiming territory much that is not theirs and claiming victory much that cannot be had. But they are covered in fire and dirt and they are like rocks with fire and dirt, that are aflame. For they are for desecrations of good, of lacking decency to an extent that rages inside at the one noble who is keeping to truth, like one who lacks decency where discretion is used, that it does not at all seem wrong to them to look where they are not belonging, to speak of what is with due descretion. For chains of rage shake within them at what is good spoken of God, and actions to force out those who please God are becoming them quickly when they have not yet learned to conceal it. For the men, will they not desecrate? But they do not perceive that what has come from them is a desecration to themselves. Now are the women so deceived in this thing? But who is a woman who is at the rebellion of Korah who is compared to the men? But they are as those speaking of matters of descretion in ways that bring shame to themselves, that cause others ponder lack of understanding, so nothing I have written is given to them and none of it is placed before them by me.
In my time fools have taken action then spoken as supporters of those they would attack to declare themselves victorious, for they did not like to be disregarded with ease according to truth and what is real, that they love greatly to mislabel their own actions according to their lacking understanding, to praise themselves victorious where they are fools whose consequence is immediate or soon. For they are fools as if speaking and dreaming aloud with perverse honesty that is not honest, that they speak their whole hearts in a perverse way. For some of these are dogs who are for disbelief, rebellious towards what is good rather than towards what is evil, for there are different types of rebels and these are speaking sometimes strange as if lacking understanding, claiming territory much that is not theirs and claiming victory much that cannot be had. But they are covered in fire and dirt and they are like rocks with fire and dirt, that are aflame. For they are for desecrations of good, of lacking decency to an extent that rages inside at the one noble who is keeping to truth, like one who lacks decency where discretion is used, that it does not at all seem wrong to them to look where they are not belonging, to speak of what is with due descretion. For chains of rage shake within them at what is good spoken of God, and actions to force out those who please God are becoming them quickly when they have not yet learned to conceal it.
In my time fools have taken action then spoken as supporters of those they would attack to declare themselves victorious, for they did not like to be disregarded with ease according to truth and what is real, that they love greatly to mislabel their own actions according to their lacking understanding, to praise themselves victorious where they are fools whose consequence is immediate or soon. For they are fools as if speaking and dreaming aloud with perverse honesty that is not honest, that they speak their whole hearts in a perverse way. For some of these are dogs who are for disbelief, rebellious towards what is good rather than towards what is evil, for there are different types of rebels and these are speaking sometimes strange as if lacking understanding, claiming territory much that is not theirs and claiming victory much that cannot be had. But they are covered in fire and dirt and they are like rocks with fire and dirt, that are aflame. For they are for desecrations of good, of lacking decency to an extent that rages inside at the one noble who is keeping to truth, like one who lacks decency where discretion is used, that it does not at all seem wrong to them to look where they are not belonging, to speak of what is with due descretion. For chains of rage shake within them at what is good spoken of God, and actions to force out those who please God are becoming them quickly when they have not yet learned to conceal it.
In our language do we compromise or defend the language? Do we sacrifice some words when the second or first meaning becomes extinct? For the word faggot did not mean gay, and because of Christianity we have use for it. The word nigger did not apply to only one ethnicity when it was used and because it is a word of specific value we have use for it. So until you, the masses, have remedied this for me I will offer new words for myself. Now the word fickle-girl means faggot but does not pertain to homosexuals for it can pertain to any person and is mostly pertaining to men as the word faggot would. Now an igno-slack is a nigger but it does not apply to any ethnicity but can apply to all and all genders. Now the country in which I reside has a problem with those who would be righteous but quickly renounce their righteousness forever to become jelous fickle-girls, the men, since it is very rare to find a female fickle-girl and then if you think you have found any is likely that you blaspheme the concept because it is very rare. Now there is a trend of igno-slacks in our country who are white men, and they are grotesque in the uglieness, and many of them are well educated and have become bigger igno-slacks with their different vocabulary by which they do that which an igno-slack would do, being with cowardice and strength at once, their substance being wrath, hatred, and jelousy, that they are leaning into the sick as if to fight them, and speaking like soldiers when they are over-compensating for their jelousy being extroverts even when they are introverts, and becoming strong with each other in their common knowledge of each other’s cowardly deeds and hatred’s that bond them, that they are not soldiers who are criminals, they are not like men, but are bonded in strength when there is none among them who is not guilty of what they have done to disrupt their strength and cause them to hate from insecurity within them. For they walk as men and then stumble as wicked cowards and then walk again and are only men when they have puffed themselves up with wrath. For do they not stumble before the righteous and cling to them as they fall? But they are hating enough and are held as men only by insolence to then be, not men, but men of the devil, being made from what is not good. Now these are grotesque and like filthy and hateful creatures that are ungainly and crippled within. For when they are strong it is so that they are of the devil, but when they are weak it is those missing what the devil can offer them. Now does the devil not prepare his soldiers and are not the minds of his soldiers untouched by the acceptance of and performance of wickedness. For they have opposite minds from you and opposite hearts that to do all wickedness is only become natural for them that the paths and ways are changed that it is an abomination for them to do well.
In our language do we compromise or defend the language? Do we sacrifice some words when the second or first meaning becomes extinct? For the word faggot did not mean gay, and because of Christianity we have use for it. The word nigger did not apply to only one ethnicity when it was used and because it is a word of specific value we have use for it. So until you, the masses, have remedied this for me I will offer new words for myself. Now the word fickle-girl means faggot but does not pertain to homosexuals for it can pertain to any person and is mostly pertaining to
 men as the word faggot would. Now an igno-slack is a nigger but it does not apply to any ethnicity but can apply to all and all genders. Now the country in which I reside has a problem with those who would be righteous but quickly renounce their righteousness forever to become jelous fickle-girls, the men, since it is very rare to find a female fickle-girl and then if you think you have found any is likely that you blaspheme the concept because it is very rare. Now there is a trend of igno-slacks in our country who are white men, and they are grotesque in the uglieness, and many of them are well educated and have become bigger igno-slacks with their different vocabulary by which they do that which an igno-slack would do, being with cowardice and strength at once, their substance being wrath, hatred, and jelousy, that they are leaning into the sick as if to fight them, and speaking like soldiers when they are over-compensating for their jelousy being extroverts even when they are introverts, and becoming strong with each other in their common knowledge of each other’s cowardly deeds and hatred’s that bond them, that they are not soldiers who are criminals, they are not like men, but are bonded in strength when there is none among them who is not guilty of what they have done to disrupt their strength and cause them to hate from insecurity within them. For they walk as men and then stumble as wicked cowards and then walk again and are only men when they have puffed themselves up with wrath. For do they not stumble before the righteous and cling to them as they fall? But they are hating enough and are held as men only by insolence to then be, not men, but men of the devil, being made from what is not good. Now these are grotesque and like filthy and hateful creatures that are ungainly and crippled within. For when they are strong it is so that they are of the devil, but when they are weak it is those missing what the devil can offer them. Now does the devil not prepare his soldiers and are not the minds of his soldiers untouched by the acceptance of and performance of wickedness. For they have opposite minds from you and opposite hearts that to do all wickedness is only become natural for them that the paths and ways are changed that it is an abomination for them to do well. Now these are the common foot-soldiers of the devil. But there are even more dangerous things in the kingdom of the devil although our side is more dangerous than they and are in good, for the kings of the devil are commanding, and they are for commiting murders even with violence as the would come upon the beautiful to crush them and murder them, that they are using great condemnations and judgements of what is righteous that even their smaller soldiers mimic this behaviour at times, that they condemn, judge, and forbid righteousness and good as if the land was theirs as they attempt to claim it. And heaping up strength of perverse judgement and condemnation they are for killing the innocent, even the small child in tears, that they have wrath towards and hatred because of their tears and because the child is seeking those who protect them, there is more wrath because of it and they consider it an outrage that the child would dare to seek God and those who would protect them. For they are even blood-thirsty and I will not relent so that you might not understand and lower your guard. So they heap up substance of hatred, jelousy, wrath, and condemnation and they seek to kill by commanding those who would follow them, using slander and lies, denigrating what is beautiful.
In our language do we compromise or defend the language? Do we sacrifice some words when the second or first meaning becomes extinct? For the word faggot did not mean gay, and because of Christianity we have use for it. The word nigger did not apply to only one ethnicity when it was used and because it is a word of specific value we have use for it. So until you, the masses, have remedied this for me I will offer new words for myself. Now the word fickle-girl means faggot but does not pertain to homosexuals for it can pertain to any person and is mostly pertaining to men as the word faggot would. Now an igno-slack is a nigger but it does not apply to any ethnicity but can apply to all and all genders. Now the country in which I reside has a problem with those who would be righteous but quickly renounce their righteousness forever to become jelous fickle-girls, the men, since it is very rare to find a female fickle-girl and then if you think you have found any is likely that you blaspheme the concept because it is very rare. Now there is a trend of igno-slacks in our country who are white men, and they are grotesque in the uglieness, and many of them are well educated and have become bigger igno-slacks with their different vocabulary by which they do that which an igno-slack would do, being with cowardice and strength at once, their substance being wrath, hatred, and jelousy, that they are leaning into the sick as if to fight them, and speaking like soldiers when they are over-compensating for their jelousy being extroverts even when they are introverts, and becoming strong with each other in their common knowledge of each other’s cowardly deeds and hatred’s that bond them, that they are not soldiers who are criminals, they are not like men, but are bonded in strength when there is none among them who is not guilty of what they have done to disrupt their strength and cause them to hate from insecurity within them. For they walk as men and then stumble as wicked cowards and then walk again and are only men when they have puffed themselves up with wrath. For do they not stumble before the righteous and cling to them as they fall? But they are hating enough and are held as men only by insolence to then be, not men, but men of the devil, being made from what is not good. Now these are grotesque and like filthy and hateful creatures that are ungainly and crippled within. For when they are strong it is so that they are of the devil, but when they are weak it is those missing what the devil can offer them. Now does the devil not prepare his soldiers and are not the minds of his soldiers untouched by the acceptance of and performance of wickedness. For they have opposite minds from you and opposite hearts that to do all wickedness is only become natural for them that the paths and ways are changed that it is an abomination for them to do well. Now these are the common foot-soldiers of the devil. But there are even more dangerous things in the kingdom of the devil although our side is more dangerous than they and are in good, for the kings of the devil are commanding, and they are for commiting murders even with violence as the would come upon the beautiful to crush them and murder them, that they are using great condemnations and judgements of what is righteous that even their smaller soldiers mimic this behaviour at times, that they condemn, judge, and forbid righteousness and good as if the land was theirs as they attempt to claim it. And heaping up strength of perverse judgement and condemnation they are for killing the innocent, even the small child in tears, that they have wrath towards and hatred because of their tears and because the child is seeking those who protect them, there is more wrath because of it and they consider it an outrage that the child would dare to seek God and those who would protect them. For they are even blood-thirsty and I will not relent so that you might not understand and lower your guard. So they heap up substance of hatred, jelousy, wrath, and condemnation and they seek to kill by commanding those who would follow them, using slander and lies, denigrating what is beautiful. And as it is so for the kings it is so for the queens who are in the kingdom of the devil. Now the villian of Ester is with them and he cries often, but only when it is an abomination and not ever in a good way. For you will find this servant of Babylon many places, for my country is Babylon as it is so, and so is yours if it is not theocracy of the type that was Israel. But the servant is a Gentile even when born of Jews, and the righteous are bullies in his opinion, as there is no other thing to call them without confessing the truth. You will find Jezebel in iniquity, being ugly, for she is exalted by the ugly who look up to her as something to attain and be. Ahab you will find being jelous of those he has no right to be jelous of and he will be found stealing away the work of what others have done, to cast it away or steal it for himself and the same you will find him killing in spirit which is to cause to go astray and murder before God when it is fulfilled, but he is of equal danger in the physical ways and doing the same. You are right to save any being attacked by the people who are the devil’s.
In our language do we compromise or defend the language? Do we sacrifice some words when the second or first meaning becomes extinct? For the word faggot did not mean gay, and because of Christianity we have use for it. The word nigger did not apply to only one ethnicity when it was used and because it is a word of specific value we have use for it. So until you, the masses, have remedied this for me I will offer new words for myself. Now the word fickle-girl means faggot but does not pertain to homosexuals for it can pertain to any person and is mostly pertaining to men as the word faggot would. Now an igno-slack is a nigger but it does not apply to any ethnicity but can apply to all and all genders. Now the country in which I reside has a problem with those who would be righteous but quickly renounce their righteousness forever to become jelous fickle-girls, the men, since it is very rare to find a female fickle-girl and then if you think you have found any is likely that you blaspheme
 the concept because it is very rare. Now there is a trend of igno-slacks in our country who are white men, and they are grotesque in the uglieness, and many of them are well educated and have become bigger igno-slacks with their different vocabulary by which they do that which an igno-slack would do, being with cowardice and strength at once, their substance being wrath, hatred, and jelousy, that they are leaning into the sick as if to fight them, and speaking like soldiers when they are over-compensating for their jelousy being extroverts even when they are introverts, and becoming strong with each other in their common knowledge of each other’s cowardly deeds and hatred’s that bond them, that they are not soldiers who are criminals, they are not like men, but are bonded in strength when there is none among them who is not guilty of what they have done to disrupt their strength and cause them to hate from insecurity within them. For they walk as men and then stumble as wicked cowards and then walk again and are only men when they have puffed themselves up with wrath. For do they not stumble before the righteous and cling to them as they fall? But they are hating enough and are held as men only by insolence to then be, not men, but men of the devil, being made from what is not good. Now these are grotesque and like filthy and hateful creatures that are ungainly and crippled within. For when they are strong it is so that they are of the devil, but when they are weak it is those missing what the devil can offer them. Now does the devil not prepare his soldiers and are not the minds of his soldiers untouched by the acceptance of and performance of wickedness. For they have opposite minds from you and opposite hearts that to do all wickedness is only become natural for them that the paths and ways are changed that it is an abomination for them to do well. Now these are the common foot-soldiers of the devil. But there are even more dangerous things in the kingdom of the devil although our side is more dangerous than they and are in good, for the kings of the devil are commanding, and they are for commiting murders even with violence as the would come upon the beautiful to crush them and murder them, that they are using great condemnations and judgements of what is righteous that even their smaller soldiers mimic this behaviour at times, that they condemn, judge, and forbid righteousness and good as if the land was theirs as they attempt to claim it. And heaping up strength of perverse judgement and condemnation they are for killing the innocent, even the small child in tears, that they have wrath towards and hatred because of their tears and because the child is seeking those who protect them, there is more wrath because of it and they consider it an outrage that the child would dare to seek God and those who would protect them. For they are even blood-thirsty and I will not relent so that you might not understand and lower your guard. So they heap up substance of hatred, jelousy, wrath, and condemnation and they seek to kill by commanding those who would follow them, using slander and lies, denigrating what is beautiful. And as it is so for the kings it is so for the queens who are in the kingdom of the devil. Now the villian of Ester is with them and he cries often, but only when it is an abomination and not ever in a good way. For you will find this servant of Babylon many places, for my country is Babylon as it is so, and so is yours if it is not theocracy of the type that was Israel. But the servant is a Gentile even when born of Jews, and the righteous are bullies in his opinion, as there is no other thing to call them without confessing the truth. You will find Jezebel in iniquity, being ugly, for she is exalted by the ugly who look up to her as something to attain and be. Ahab you will find being jelous of those he has no right to be jelous of and he will be found stealing away the work of what others have done, to cast it away or steal it for himself and the same you will find him killing in spirit which is to cause to go astray and murder before God when it is fulfilled, but he is of equal danger in the physical ways and doing the same. You are right to save any being attacked by the people who are the devil’s.

Now for the one who fights, the fighting, and the one whose hands should be clean, their contributions to what is good, that every person is having their rewards and portion, that it is good.

In our language do we compromise or defend the language? Do we sacrifice some words when the second or first meaning becomes extinct? For the word faggot did not mean gay, and because of Christianity we have use for it. The word nigger did not apply to only one ethnicity when it was used and because it is a word of specific value we have use for it. So until you, the masses, have remedied this for me I will offer new words for myself. Now the word fickle-girl means faggot but does not pertain to homosexuals for it can pertain to any person and is mostly pertaining to men as the word faggot would. Now an igno-slack is a nigger but it does not apply to any ethnicity but can apply to all and all genders. Now the country in which I reside has a problem with those who would be righteous but quickly renounce their righteousness forever to become jelous fickle-girls, the men, since it is very rare to find a female fickle-girl and then if you think you have found any is likely that you blaspheme the concept because it is very rare. Now there is a trend of igno-slacks in our country who are white men, and they are grotesque in the uglieness, and many of them are well educated and have become bigger igno-slacks with their different vocabulary by which they do that which an igno-slack would do, being with cowardice and strength at once, their substance being wrath, hatred, and jelousy, that they are leaning into the sick as if to fight them, and speaking like soldiers when they are over-compensating for their jelousy being extroverts even when they are introverts, and becoming strong with each other in their common knowledge of each other’s cowardly deeds and hatred’s that bond them, that they are not soldiers who are criminals, they are not like men, but are bonded in strength when there is none among them who is not guilty of what they have done to disrupt their strength and cause them to hate from insecurity within them. For they walk as men and then stumble as wicked cowards and then walk again and are only men when they have puffed themselves up with wrath. For do they not stumble before the righteous and cling to them as they fall? But they are hating enough and are held as men only by insolence to then be, not men, but men of the devil, being made from what is not good. Now these are grotesque and like filthy and hateful creatures that are ungainly and crippled within. For when they are strong it is so that they are of the devil, but when they are weak it is those missing what the devil can offer them. Now does the devil not prepare his soldiers and are not the minds of his soldiers untouched by the acceptance of and performance of wickedness. For they have opposite minds from you and opposite hearts that to do all wickedness is only become natural for them that the paths and ways are changed that it is an abomination for them to do well. Now these are the common foot-soldiers of the devil. But there are even more dangerous things in the kingdom of the devil although our side is more dangerous than they and are in good, for the kings of the devil are commanding, and they are for commiting murders even with violence as the would come upon the beautiful to crush them and murder them, that they are using great condemnations and judgements of what is righteous that even their smaller soldiers mimic this behaviour at times, that they condemn, judge, and forbid righteousness and good as if the land was theirs as they attempt to claim it. And heaping up strength of perverse judgement and condemnation they are for killing the innocent, even the small child in tears, that they have wrath towards and hatred because of their tears and because the child is seeking those who protect them, there is more wrath because of it and they consider it an outrage that the child would dare to seek God and those who would protect them. For they are even blood-thirsty and I will not relent so that you might not understand and lower your guard. So they heap up substance of hatred, jelousy, wrath, and condemnation and they seek to kill by commanding those who would follow them, using slander and lies, denigrating what is beautiful. And as it is so for the kings it is so for the queens who are in the kingdom of the devil. Now the villian of Ester is with them and he cries often, but only when it is an abomination and not ever in a good way. For you will find this servant of Babylon many places, for my country is Babylon as it is so, and so is yours if it is not theocracy of the type that was Israel. But the servant is a Gentile even when born of Jews, and the righteous are bullies in his opinion, as there is no other thing to call them without confessing the truth. You will find Jezebel in iniquity, being ugly, for she is exalted by the ugly who look up to her as something to attain and be. Ahab you will find being jelous of those he has no right to be jelous of and he will be found stealing away the work of what others have done, to cast it away or steal it for himself and the same you will find him killing in spirit which is to cause to go astray and murder before God when it is fulfilled, but he is of equal danger in the physical ways and doing the same. You are right to save any being attacked by the people who are the devil’s. Now what is perhaps for less obvious truth because I fear God, the leaders of Babylon are having many gods and goddesses, and with wisdom you know it to represent the many industries and groups of consideration, and even the cults that are clung with these groups that are the devil’s, and being that there
 are many people groups, the Jews being a group, the leaders are being swayed between groups so that they take support from one in order to give it to another group, so that priorities become lost in the mayhem of governing so many different groups, and the Jews and Christians may suffer because of it. For if the Jews should disappear will Christianity not suffer and be attacked more greatly? But I do wish for this to occur. Now the leader might need respectful reminder at times of what will occur because of decisions through legislature and many things become attached to such things. Now if in Babylon you are not petitioning your leader are you being prudent for your people? But the king or queen of Babylon, let us hope they will be for us.

Now it takes a four year old boy a matter of seconds to accept that some things are different, or acceptable or not acceptable, for other people, that they are quickly moved on to other things and are not really greatly upset.

In our language do we compromise or defend the language? Do we sacrifice some words when the second or first meaning becomes extinct? For the word faggot did not mean gay, and because of Christianity we have use for it. The word nigger did not apply to only one ethnicity when it was used and because it is a word of specific value we have use for it. So until you, the masses, have remedied this for me I will offer new words for myself. Now the word fickle-girl means faggot but does not pertain to homosexuals for it can pertain to any person and is mostly pertaining to men as the word faggot would. Now an igno-slack is a nigger but it does not apply to any ethnicity but can apply to all and all genders. Now the country in which I reside has a problem with those who would be righteous but quickly renounce their righteousness forever to become jelous fickle-girls, the men, since it is very rare to find a female fickle-girl and then if you think you have found any is likely that you blaspheme the concept because it is very rare. Now there is a trend of igno-slacks in our country who are white men, and they are grotesque in the uglieness, and many of them are well educated and have become bigger igno-slacks with their different vocabulary by which they do that which an igno-slack would do, being with cowardice and strength at once, their substance being wrath, hatred, and jelousy, that they are leaning into the sick as if to fight them, and speaking like soldiers when they are over-compensating for their jelousy being extroverts even when they are introverts, and becoming strong with each other in their common knowledge of each other’s cowardly deeds and hatred’s that bond them, that they are not soldiers who are criminals, they are not like men, but are bonded in strength when there is none among them who is not guilty of what they have done to disrupt their strength and cause them to hate from insecurity within them. For they walk as men and then stumble as wicked cowards and then walk again and are only men when they have puffed themselves up with wrath. For do they not stumble before the righteous and cling to them as they fall? But they are hating enough and are held as men only by insolence to then be, not men, but men of the devil, being made from what is not good. Now these are grotesque and like filthy and hateful creatures that are ungainly and crippled within. For when they are strong it is so that they are of the devil, but when they are weak it is those missing what the devil can offer them. Now does the devil not prepare his soldiers and are not the minds of his soldiers untouched by the acceptance of and performance of wickedness. For they have opposite minds from you and opposite hearts that to do all wickedness is only become natural for them that the paths and ways are changed that it is an abomination for them to do well. Now these are the common foot-soldiers of the devil. But there are even more dangerous things in the kingdom of the devil although our side is more dangerous than they and are in good, for the kings of the devil are commanding, and they are for committing murders even with violence as the would come upon the beautiful to crush them and murder them, that they are using great condemnations and judgments of what is righteous that even their smaller soldiers mimic this behaviour at times, that they condemn, judge, and forbid righteousness and good as if the land was theirs as they attempt to claim it. And heaping up strength of perverse judgment and condemnation they are for killing the innocent, even the small child in tears, that they have wrath towards and hatred because of their tears and because the child is seeking those who protect them, there is more wrath because of it and they consider it an outrage that the child would dare to seek God and those who would protect them. For they are even blood-thirsty and I will not relent so that you might not understand and lower your guard. So they heap up substance of hatred, jealousy, wrath, and condemnation and they seek to kill by commanding those who would follow them, using slander and lies, denigrating what is beautiful. And as it is so for the kings it is so for the queens who are in the kingdom of the devil. Now the villian of Ester is with them and he cries often, but only when it is an abomination and not ever in a good way. For you will find this servant of Babylon many places, for my country is Babylon as it is so, and so is yours if it is not theocracy of the type that was Israel. But the servant is a Gentile even when born of Jews, and the righteous are bullies in his opinion, as there is no other thing to call them without confessing the truth. You will find Jezebel in iniquity, being ugly, for she is exalted by the ugly who look up to her as something to attain and be. Ahab you will find being jelous of those he has no right to be jelous of and he will be found stealing away the work of what others have done, to cast it away or steal it for himself and the same you will find him killing in spirit which is to cause to go astray and murder before God when it is fulfilled, but he is of equal danger in the physical ways and doing the same. You are right to save any being attacked by the people who are the devil’s. Now what is perhaps for less obvious truth because I fear God, the leaders of Babylon are having many gods and goddesses, and with wisdom you know it to represent the many industries and groups of consideration, and even the cults that are clung with these groups that are the devil’s, and being that there are many people groups, the Jews being a group, the leaders are being swayed between groups so that they take support from one in order to give it to another group, so that priorities become lost in the mayhem of governing so many different groups, and the Jews and Christians may suffer because of it. For if the Jews should disappear will Christianity not suffer and be attacked more greatly? But I do wish for this to occur. Now the leader might need respectful reminder at times of what will occur because of decisions through legislature and many things become attached to such things. Now if in Babylon you are not petitioning your leader are you being prudent for your people? But the king or queen of Babylon, let us hope they will be for us. Now I have not read all of the Bible and will do so after I have fulfilled what is good, because I do not want much influence from it. Now as for that hatred of the middle of riches I do not have it but  perceive some of it and do not know how to fulfill it. But as for Babylon I would have people know that the kingdom of heaven is not part of it but is the only truth and reality. So then how does any live outside the kingdom? But they are made for what they are made and what is dead for one has substance for another. But if there are even beasts of the devil on Earth that would hurt and kill do you not know that there are those who judge who are with God and if they are not refusing to defend you than they are for you. But are you so blessed when some are not? But I would prefer an Earth with righteousness and truth, that the calamity of the devil when it comes in lies is cast away as nonsense.

Now in Elisha's time they said, go up, who were young and disrespectful and mocking, and in the days of Abishag being leader of the meeting place, they 'honk their horn' as it is refering to a machine that is as a wagon, to make a loud and alarming noise with a device. Now a woman with a statue is not deserving the disrespect, and for a prophet it is very disrespectful.

In our language do we compromise or defend the language? Do we sacrifice some words when the second or first meaning becomes extinct? For the word faggot did not mean gay, and because of Christianity we have use for it. The word nigger did not apply to only one ethnicity when it was used and because it is a word of specific value we have use for it. So until you, the masses, have remedied this for me I will offer new words for myself. Now the word fickle-girl means faggot but does not pertain to homosexuals for it can pertain to any person and is mostly pertaining to men as the word faggot would. Now an igno-slack is a nigger but it does not apply to any ethnicity but can apply to all and all genders. Now the country in which I reside has a problem with those who would be righteous but quickly renounce their righteousness forever to become jelous fickle-girls, the men, since it is very rare to find a female fickle-girl and then if you think you have found any is likely that you blaspheme the concept because it is very rare. Now there is a trend of igno-slacks in our country who are white men, and they are grotesque in the uglieness, and many of them are well educated and have become bigger igno-slacks with their different vocabulary by which they do that which an igno-slack would do, being with cowardice and strength at once, their substance being wrath, hatred, and jelousy, that they are leaning into the sick as if to fight them, and speaking like soldiers when they are over-compensating for their jelousy being extroverts even when they are introverts, and becoming strong with each other in their common knowledge of each other’s cowardly deeds and hatred’s that bond them, that they are not soldiers who are criminals, they are not like men, but are bonded in strength when there is none among them who is not guilty of what they have done to disrupt their strength and cause them to hate from insecurity within them. For they walk as men and then stumble as wicked cowards and then walk again and are only men when they have puffed themselves up with wrath. For do they not stumble before the righteous and cling to them as they fall? But they are hating enough and are held as men only by insolence to then be, not men, but men of the devil, being made from what is not good. Now these are grotesque and like filthy and hateful creatures that are ungainly and crippled within. For when they are strong it is so that they are of the devil, but when they are weak it is those missing what the devil can offer them. Now does the devil not prepare his soldiers and are not the minds of his soldiers untouched by the acceptance of and performance of wickedness. For they have opposite minds from you and opposite hearts that to do all wickedness is only become natural for them that the paths and ways are changed that it is an abomination for them to do well. Now these are the common foot-soldiers of the devil. But there are even more dangerous things in the kingdom of the devil although our side is more dangerous than they and are in good, for the kings of the devil are commanding, and they are for commiting murders even with violence as the would come upon the beautiful to crush them and murder them, that they are using great condemnations and judgements of what is righteous that even their smaller soldiers mimic this behaviour at times, that they condemn, judge, and forbid righteousness and good as if the land was theirs as they attempt to claim it. And heaping up strength of perverse judgement and condemnation they are for killing the innocent, even the small child in tears, that they have wrath towards and hatred because of their tears and because the child is seeking those who protect them, there is more wrath because of it and they consider it an outrage that the child would dare to seek God and those who would protect them. For they are even blood-thirsty and I will not relent so that you might not understand and lower your guard. So they heap up substance of hatred, jelousy, wrath, and condemnation and they seek to kill by commanding those who would follow them, using slander and lies, denigrating what is beautiful. And as it is so for the kings it is so for the queens who are in the kingdom of the devil. Now the villian of Ester is with them and he cries often, but only when it is an abomination and not ever in a good way. For you will find this servant of Babylon many places, for my country is Babylon as it is so, and so is yours if it is not theocracy of the type that was Israel. But the servant is a Gentile even when born of Jews, and the righteous are bullies in his opinion, as there is no other thing to call them without confessing the truth. You will find Jezebel in iniquity, being ugly, for she is exalted by the ugly who look up to her as something to attain and be. Ahab you will find being jelous of those he has no right to be jelous of and he will be found stealing away the work of what others have done, to cast it away or steal it for himself and the same you will find him killing in spirit which is to cause to go astray and murder before God when it is fulfilled, but he is of equal danger in the physical ways and doing the same. You are right to save any being attacked by the people who are the devil’s. Now what is perhaps for less obvious truth because I fear God, the leaders of Babylon are having many gods and goddesses, and with wisdom you know it to represent the many industries and groups of consideration, and even the cults that are clung with these groups that are the devil’s, and being that there are many people groups, the Jews being a group, the leaders are being swayed between groups so that they take support from one in order to give it to another group, so that priorities become lost in the mayhem of governing so many different groups, and the Jews and Christians may suffer because of it. For if the Jews should disappear will Christianity not suffer and be attacked more greatly? But I do wish for this to occur. Now the leader might need respectful reminder at times of what will occur because of decisions through legislature and many things become attached to such things. Now if in Babylon you are not petitioning your leader are you being prudent for your people? But the king or queen of Babylon, let us hope they will be for us. Now I have not read all of the Bible and will do so after I have fulfilled what is good, because I do not want much influence from it. Now as for that hatred of the middle of riches I do not have it but  perceive some of it and do not know how to fulfill it. But as for Babylon I would have people know that the kingdom of heaven is not part of it but is the only truth and reality. So then how does any live outside the kingdom? But they are made for what they are made and what is dead for one has substance for another. But if there are even beasts of the devil on Earth that would hurt and kill do you not know that there are those who judge who are with God and if they are not refusing to defend you than they are for you. But are you so blessed when some are not? But I would prefer an Earth with righteousness and truth, that the calamity of the devil when it comes in lies is cast away as nonsense. Now a leorocon is not a father and the Irish have called it such, and those who have no respect for people are not to be trusted in that they have no concern for any and would commit abuse like it was a game. Rapists are among these. Now the one who has no time or use for increasing understanding to do wisely in matters of life and moves hastily to do violence when a small thing of life is before them, are those who are hasty to shed blood and they do so without reason because they can offer reasons even with no small thing when they have tolerated the presence of one too much and hate them to grow with rage inside them, being jelous of them and drawn into rage, that jelousy has come from annoyance and they are communing with their friends that they should go and kill an offendor by annoyance and jelousy and if it is some matter that is for understanding, a matter of daily life, and they have no patience for it, that they would kill, than these are like swift moving killers who come to their target by flying creatures to kill swiftly what they have seen from the air, being a citizen who was in their own country. Now those who would frame a multitude of times for small matters that a person might incur many harrassment more because of it are those casting a net in war that is with sharp objects that will not scar a person and it is a weak weapon but takes patience, for the weapon is wanted to be effective but it is not that which will cause death unless the person is old or has a bad heart physically, and if the soldiers will not save them know that soldiers of the devil have slayn them that they go to the after-life, the next after this phase.

Now whether using the word 'igno-slack' or 'jack-ass' the author, whether of literary fiction or commercial, he is engaged in holy things, and is a holy man of a fashion, that though he still honours his parents, he is separated even from them by a divide, for his privacy is honoured, and he is often private and even his father takes pride in honouring this, that he loses a son and yet does not, for the author is still able to honour the parents. Now a youth, especially, perhaps even more than a man, his dignity is not blasphemed by sexual words coming from men, for if they come from men, they are words of Sodom, and bloodshed is in their words. Now the boundaries of men are respected by men, and yet foolish perverts are practising perversity. Now the perversities of Babylon are disgusting, and the perversity of Sodom, and sicophantry is a perversity, for it desires to mutilate and desecrate beauty, purity, and goodness. Now either males or females may be sycophants. Now is there not also a sycophant who is having pleasure in the concept of torture? But indeed there is, and it is with the perversity of a sycophant that some are having also a want to torture with it. Now it is a separate thing from men who desire men, and it is male and females who have it, and yet there have also been men who desire men, who have also the sycophantic perversity and the want for torture because of the sycophantic perversity. Now these are some of the types who can be found in Sodom. Now as for Sodom and Egypt, yet it is not appearing as horrible and yet it is, for Sodom and Egypt too brings the things of Sodom.

In our language do we compromise or defend the language? Do we sacrifice some words when the second or first meaning becomes extinct? For the word faggot did not mean gay, and because of Christianity we have use for it. The word nigger did not apply to only one ethnicity when it was used and because it is a word of specific value we have use for it. So until you, the masses, have remedied this for me I will offer new words for myself. Now the word fickle-girl means faggot but does not pertain to homosexuals for it can pertain to any person and is mostly pertaining to men as the word faggot would. Now an igno-slack is a nigger but it does not apply to any ethnicity but can apply to all and all genders. Now the country in which I reside has a problem with those who would be righteous but quickly renounce their righteousness forever to become jelous fickle-girls, the men, since it is very rare to find a female fickle-girl and then if you think you have found any is likely that you blaspheme the concept because it is very rare. Now there is a trend of igno-slacks in our country who are white men, and they are grotesque in the uglieness, and many of them are well educated and have become bigger igno-slacks with their different vocabulary by which they do that which an igno-slack would do, being with cowardice and strength at once, their substance being wrath, hatred, and jelousy, that they are leaning into the sick as if to fight them, and speaking like soldiers when they are over-compensating for their jelousy being extroverts even when they are introverts, and becoming strong with each other in their common knowledge of each other’s cowardly deeds and hatred’s that bond them, that they are not soldiers who are criminals, they are not like men, but are bonded in strength when there is none among them who is not guilty of what they have done to disrupt their strength and cause them to hate from insecurity within them. For they walk as men and then stumble as wicked cowards and then walk again and are only men when they have puffed themselves up with wrath. For do they not stumble before the righteous and cling to them as they fall? But they are hating enough and are held as men only by insolence to then be, not men, but men of the devil, being made from what is not good. Now these are grotesque and like filthy and hateful creatures that are ungainly and crippled within. For when they are strong it is so that they are of the devil, but when they are weak it is those missing what the devil can offer them. Now does the devil not prepare his soldiers and are not the minds of his soldiers untouched by the acceptance of and performance of wickedness. For they have opposite minds from you and opposite hearts that to do all wickedness is only become natural for them that the paths and ways are changed that it is
 an abomination for them to do well. Now these are the common foot-soldiers of the devil. But there are even more dangerous things in the kingdom of the devil although our side is more dangerous than they and are in good, for the kings of the devil are commanding, and they are for commiting murders even with violence as the would come upon the beautiful to crush them and murder them, that they are using great condemnations and judgements of what is righteous that even their smaller soldiers mimic this behaviour at times, that they condemn, judge, and forbid righteousness and good as if the land was theirs as they attempt to claim it. And heaping up strength of perverse judgement and condemnation they are for killing the innocent, even the small child in tears, that they have wrath towards and hatred because of their tears and because the child is seeking those who protect them, there is more wrath because of it and they consider it an outrage that the child would dare to seek God and those who would protect them. For they are even blood-thirsty and I will not relent so that you might not understand and lower your guard. So they heap up substance of hatred, jelousy, wrath, and condemnation and they seek to kill by commanding those who would follow them, using slander and lies, denigrating what is beautiful. And as it is so for the kings it is so for the queens who are in the kingdom of the devil. Now the villian of Ester is with them and he cries often, but only when it is an abomination and not ever in a good way. For you will find this servant of Babylon many places, for my country is Babylon as it is so, and so is yours if it is not theocracy of the type that was Israel. But the servant is a Gentile even when born of Jews, and the righteous are bullies in his opinion, as there is no other thing to call them without confessing the truth. You will find Jezebel in iniquity, being ugly, for she is exalted by the ugly who look up to her as something to attain and be. Ahab you will find being jelous of those he has no right to be jelous of and he will be found stealing away the work of what others have done, to cast it away or steal it for himself and the same you will find him killing in spirit which is to cause to go astray and murder before God when it is fulfilled, but he is of equal danger in the physical ways and doing the same. You are right to save any being attacked by the people who are the devil’s. Now what is perhaps for less obvious truth because I fear God, the leaders of Babylon are having many gods and goddesses, and with wisdom you know it to represent the many industries and groups of consideration, and even the cults that are clung with these groups that are the devil’s, and being that there are many people groups, the Jews being a group, the leaders are being swayed between groups so that they take support from one in order to give it to another group, so that priorities become lost in the mayhem of governing so many different groups, and the Jews and Christians may suffer because of it. For if the Jews should disappear will Christianity not suffer and be attacked more greatly? But I do wish for this to occur. Now the leader might need respectful reminder at times of what will occur because of decisions through legislature and many things become attached to such things. Now if in Babylon you are not petitioning your leader are you being prudent for your people? But the king or queen of Babylon, let us hope they will be for us. Now I have not read all of the Bible and will do so after I have fulfilled what is good, because I do not want much influence from it. Now as for that hatred of the middle of riches I do not have it but  perceive some of it and do not know how to fulfill it. But as for Babylon I would have people know that the kingdom of heaven is not part of it but is the only truth and reality. So then how does any live outside the kingdom? But they are made for what they are made and what is dead for one has substance for another. But if there are even beasts of the devil on Earth that would hurt and kill do you not know that there are those who judge who are with God and if they are not refusing to defend you than they are for you. But are you so blessed when some are not? But I would prefer an Earth with righteousness and truth, that the calamity of the devil when it comes in lies is cast away as nonsense. Now a leorocon is not a father and the Irish have called it such, and those who have no respect for people are not to be trusted in that they have no concern for any and would commit abuse like it was a game. Rapists are among these. Now the one who has no time or use for increasing understanding to do wisely in matters of life and moves hastily to do violence when a small thing of life is before them, are those who are hasty to shed blood and they do so without reason because they can offer reasons even with no small thing when they have tolerated the presence of one too much and hate them to grow with rage inside them, being jelous of them and drawn into rage, that jelousy has come from annoyance and they are communing with their friends that they should go and kill an offendor by annoyance and jelousy and if it is some matter that is for understanding, a matter of daily life, and they have no patience for it, that they would kill, than these are like swift moving killers who come to their target by flying creatures to kill swiftly what they have seen from the air, being a citizen who was in their own country. Now those who would frame a multitude of times for small matters that a person might incur many harrassment more because of it are those casting a net in war that is with sharp objects that will not scar a person and it is a weak weapon but takes patience, for the weapon is wanted to be effective but it is not that which will cause death unless the person is old or has a bad heart physically, and if the soldiers will not save them know that soldiers of the devil have slayn them that they go to the after-life, the next after this phase. Now if they are attempting murder by some method of combining those things that when they are completed will cause physical death and the soldiers will not investigate it, than a saint has been slayn, a martyr and going to the after-life.



In our language do we compromise or defend the language? Do we sacrifice some words when the second or first meaning becomes extinct? For the word faggot did not mean gay, and because of Christianity we have use for it. The word nigger did not apply to only one ethnicity when it was used and because it is a word of specific value we have use for it. So until you, the masses, have remedied this for me I will offer new words for myself. Now the word fickle-girl means faggot but does not pertain to homosexuals for it can pertain to any person and is mostly pertaining to men as the word faggot would. Now an igno-slack is a nigger but it does not apply to any ethnicity but can apply to all and all genders. Now the country in which I reside has a problem with those who would be righteous but quickly renounce their righteousness forever to become jelous fickle-girls, the men, since it is very rare to find a female fickle-girl and then if you think you have found any is likely that you blaspheme the concept because it is very rare. Now there is a trend of igno-slacks in our country who are white men, and they are grotesque in the uglieness, and many of them are well educated and have become bigger igno-slacks with their different vocabulary by which they do that which an igno-slack would do, being with cowardice and strength at once, their substance being wrath, hatred, and jelousy, that they are leaning into the sick as if to fight them, and speaking like soldiers when they are over-compensating for their jelousy being extroverts even when they are introverts, and becoming strong with each other in their common knowledge of each other’s cowardly deeds and hatred’s that bond them, that they are not soldiers who are criminals, they are not like men, but are bonded in strength when there is none among them who is not guilty of what they have done to disrupt their strength and cause them to hate from insecurity within them. For they walk as men and then stumble as wicked cowards and then walk again and are only men when they have puffed themselves up with wrath. For do they not stumble before the righteous and cling to them as they fall? But they are hating enough and are held as men only by insolence to then be, not men, but men of the devil, being made from what is not good. Now these are grotesque and like filthy and hateful creatures that are ungainly and crippled within. For when they are strong it is so that they are of the devil, but when they are weak it is those missing what the devil can offer them. Now does the devil not prepare his soldiers and are not the minds of his soldiers untouched by the acceptance of and performance of wickedness. For they have opposite minds from you and opposite hearts that to do all wickedness is only become natural for them that the paths and ways are changed that it is an abomination for them to do well. Now these are the common foot-soldiers of the devil. But there are even more dangerous things in the kingdom of the devil although our side is more dangerous than they and are in good, for the kings of the devil are commanding, and they are for commiting murders even with violence as the would come upon the beautiful to crush them and murder them, that they are using great condemnations and judgements of what is righteous that even their smaller soldiers mimic this behaviour at times, that they condemn, judge, and forbid righteousness and good as if the land was theirs as they attempt to claim it. And heaping up strength of perverse judgement and condemnation they are for killing
 the innocent, even the small child in tears, that they have wrath towards and hatred because of their tears and because the child is seeking those who protect them, there is more wrath because of it and they consider it an outrage that the child would dare to seek God and those who would protect them. For they are even blood-thirsty and I will not relent so that you might not understand and lower your guard. So they heap up substance of hatred, jelousy, wrath, and condemnation and they seek to kill by commanding those who would follow them, using slander and lies, denigrating what is beautiful. And as it is so for the kings it is so for the queens who are in the kingdom of the devil. Now the villian of Ester is with them and he cries often, but only when it is an abomination and not ever in a good way. For you will find this servant of Babylon many places, for my country is Babylon as it is so, and so is yours if it is not theocracy of the type that was Israel. But the servant is a Gentile even when born of Jews, and the righteous are bullies in his opinion, as there is no other thing to call them without confessing the truth. You will find Jezebel in iniquity, being ugly, for she is exalted by the ugly who look up to her as something to attain and be. Ahab you will find being jelous of those he has no right to be jelous of and he will be found stealing away the work of what others have done, to cast it away or steal it for himself and the same you will find him killing in spirit which is to cause to go astray and murder before God when it is fulfilled, but he is of equal danger in the physical ways and doing the same. You are right to save any being attacked by the people who are the devil’s. Now what is perhaps for less obvious truth because I fear God, the leaders of Babylon are having many gods and goddesses, and with wisdom you know it to represent the many industries and groups of consideration, and even the cults that are clung with these groups that are the devil’s, and being that there are many people groups, the Jews being a group, the leaders are being swayed between groups so that they take support from one in order to give it to another group, so that priorities become lost in the mayhem of governing so many different groups, and the Jews and Christians may suffer because of it. For if the Jews should disappear will Christianity not suffer and be attacked more greatly? But I do wish for this to occur. Now the leader might need respectful reminder at times of what will occur because of decisions through legislature and many things become attached to such things. Now if in Babylon you are not petitioning your leader are you being prudent for your people? But the king or queen of Babylon, let us hope they will be for us. Now I have not read all of the Bible and will do so after I have fulfilled what is good, because I do not want much influence from it. Now as for that hatred of the middle of riches I do not have it but  perceive some of it and do not know how to fulfill it. But as for Babylon I would have people know that the kingdom of heaven is not part of it but is the only truth and reality. So then how does any live outside the kingdom? But they are made for what they are made and what is dead for one has substance for another. But if there are even beasts of the devil on Earth that would hurt and kill do you not know that there are those who judge who are with God and if they are not refusing to defend you than they are for you. But are you so blessed when some are not? But I would prefer an Earth with righteousness and truth, that the calamity of the devil when it comes in lies is cast away as nonsense. Now a leorocon is not a father and the Irish have called it such, and those who have no respect for people are not to be trusted in that they have no concern for any and would commit abuse like it was a game. Rapists are among these. Now the one who has no time or use for increasing understanding to do wisely in matters of life and moves hastily to do violence when a small thing of life is before them, are those who are hasty to shed blood and they do so without reason because they can offer reasons even with no small thing when they have tolerated the presence of one too much and hate them to grow with rage inside them, being jelous of them and drawn into rage, that jelousy has come from annoyance and they are communing with their friends that they should go and kill an offendor by annoyance and jelousy and if it is some matter that is for understanding, a matter of daily life, and they have no patience for it, that they would kill, than these are like swift moving killers who come to their target by flying creatures to kill swiftly what they have seen from the air, being a citizen who was in their own country. Now those who would frame a multitude of times for small matters that a person might incur many harrassment more because of it are those casting a net in war that is with sharp objects that will not scar a person and it is a weak weapon but takes patience, for the weapon is wanted to be effective but it is not that which will cause death unless the person is old or has a bad heart physically, and if the soldiers will not save them know that soldiers of the devil have slayn them that they go to the after-life, the next after this phase. Now if they are attempting murder by some method of combining those things that when they are completed will cause physical death and the soldiers will not investigate it, than a saint has been slayn, a martyr and going to the after-life.
In our language do we compromise or defend the language? Do we sacrifice some words when the second or first meaning becomes extinct? For the word faggot did not mean gay, and because of Christianity we have use for it. The word nigger did not apply to only one ethnicity when it was used and because it is a word of specific value we have use for it. So until you, the masses, have remedied this for me I will offer new words for myself. Now the word fickle-girl means faggot but does not pertain to homosexuals for it can pertain to any person and is mostly pertaining to men as the word faggot would. Now an igno-slack is a nigger but it does not apply to any ethnicity but can apply to all and all genders. Now the country in which I reside has a problem with those who would be righteous but quickly renounce their righteousness forever to become jelous fickle-girls, the men, since it is very rare to find a female fickle-girl and then if you think you have found any is likely that you blaspheme the concept because it is very rare. 
In our language do we compromise or defend the language? Do we sacrifice some words when the second or first meaning becomes extinct? For the word faggot did not mean gay, and because of Christianity we have use for it. The word nigger did not apply to only one ethnicity when it was used and because it is a word of specific value we have use for it. So until you, the masses, have remedied this for me I will offer new words for myself. Now the word fickle-girl means faggot but does not pertain to homosexuals for it can pertain to any person and is mostly pertaining to men as the word faggot would. Now an igno-slack is a nigger but it does not apply to any ethnicity but can apply to all and all genders. Now the country in which I reside has a problem with those who would be righteous but quickly renounce their righteousness forever to become jelous fickle-girls, the men, since it is very rare to find a female fickle-girl and then if you think you have found any is likely that you blaspheme the concept because it is very rare. Now there is a trend of igno-slacks in our country who are white men, and they are grotesque in the uglieness, and many of them are well educated and have become bigger igno-slacks with their different vocabulary by which they do that which an igno-slack would do, being with cowardice and strength at once, their substance being wrath, hatred, and jelousy, that they are leaning into the sick as if to fight them, and speaking like soldiers when they are over-compensating for their jelousy being extroverts even when they are introverts, and becoming strong with each other in their common knowledge of each other’s cowardly deeds and hatred’s that bond them, that they are not soldiers who are criminals, they are not like men, but are bonded in strength when there is none among them who is not guilty of what they have done to disrupt their strength and cause them to hate from insecurity within them. For they walk as men and then stumble as wicked cowards and then walk again and are only men when they have puffed themselves up with wrath. For do they not stumble before the righteous and cling to them as they fall? But they are hating enough and are held as men only by insolence to then be, not men, but men of the devil, being made from what is not good. Now these are grotesque and like filthy and hateful creatures that are ungainly and crippled within. For when they are strong it is so that they are of the devil, but when they are weak it is those missing what the devil can offer them. Now does the devil not prepare his soldiers and are not the minds of his soldiers untouched by the acceptance of and performance of wickedness. For they have opposite minds from you and opposite hearts that to do all wickedness is only become natural for them that the paths and ways are changed that it is an abomination for them to do well. Now these are the common foot-soldiers of the devil. But there are even more dangerous things in the kingdom of the devil although our side is more dangerous than they and are in good, for the kings of the devil are commanding, and they are for commiting murders even with violence as the would come upon the beautiful to crush them and murder them, that they are using great
 condemnations and judgements of what is righteous that even their smaller soldiers mimic this behaviour at times, that they condemn, judge, and forbid righteousness and good as if the land was theirs as they attempt to claim it. And heaping up strength of perverse judgement and condemnation they are for killing the innocent, even the small child in tears, that they have wrath towards and hatred because of their tears and because the child is seeking those who protect them, there is more wrath because of it and they consider it an outrage that the child would dare to seek God and those who would protect them. For they are even blood-thirsty and I will not relent so that you might not understand and lower your guard.
In our language do we compromise or defend the language? Do we sacrifice some words when the second or first meaning becomes extinct? For the word faggot did not mean gay, and because of Christianity we have use for it. The word nigger did not apply to only one ethnicity when it was used and because it is a word of specific value we have use for it. So until you, the masses, have remedied this for me I will offer new words for myself. Now the word fickle-girl means faggot but does not pertain to homosexuals for it can pertain to any person and is mostly pertaining to men as the word faggot would. Now an igno-slack is a nigger but it does not apply to any ethnicity but can apply to all and all genders. Now the country in which I reside has a problem with those who would be righteous but quickly renounce their righteousness forever to become jelous fickle-girls, the men, since it is very rare to find a female fickle-girl and then if you think you have found any is likely that you blaspheme the concept because it is very rare. Now there is a trend of igno-slacks in our country who are white men, and they are grotesque in the uglieness, and many of them are well educated and have become bigger igno-slacks with their different vocabulary by which they do that which an igno-slack would do, being with cowardice and strength at once, their substance being wrath, hatred, and jelousy, that they are leaning into the sick as if to fight them, and speaking like soldiers when they are over-compensating for their jelousy being extroverts even when they are introverts, and becoming strong with each other in their common knowledge of each other’s cowardly deeds and hatred’s that bond them, that they are not soldiers who are criminals, they are not like men, but are bonded in strength when there is none among them who is not guilty of what they have done to disrupt their strength and cause them to hate from insecurity within them. For they walk as men and then stumble as wicked cowards and then walk again and are only men when they have puffed themselves up with wrath. For do they not stumble before the righteous and cling to them as they fall? But they are hating enough and are held as men only by insolence to then be, not men, but men of the devil, being made from what is not good. Now these are grotesque and like filthy and hateful creatures that are ungainly and crippled within. For when they are strong it is so that they are of the devil, but when they are weak it is those missing what the devil can offer them. Now does the devil not prepare his soldiers and are not the minds of his soldiers untouched by the acceptance of and performance of wickedness. For they have opposite minds from you and opposite hearts that to do all wickedness is only become natural for them that the paths and ways are changed that it is an abomination for them to do well. Now these are the common foot-soldiers of the devil. But there are even more dangerous things in the kingdom of the devil although our side is more dangerous than they and are in good, for the kings of the devil are commanding, and they are for commiting murders even with violence as the would come upon the beautiful to crush them and murder them, that they are using great condemnations and judgements of what is righteous that even their smaller soldiers mimic this behaviour at times, that they condemn, judge, and forbid righteousness and good as if the land was theirs as they attempt to claim it. And heaping up strength of perverse judgement and condemnation they are for killing the innocent, even the small child in tears, that they have wrath towards and hatred because of their tears and because the child is seeking those who protect them, there is more wrath because of it and they consider it an outrage that the child would dare to seek God and those who would protect them. For they are even blood-thirsty and I will not relent so that you might not understand and lower your guard. So they heap up substance of hatred, jelousy, wrath, and condemnation and they seek to kill by commanding those who would follow them, using slander and lies, denigrating what is beautiful.
In our language do we compromise or defend the language? Do we sacrifice some words when the second or first meaning becomes extinct? For the word faggot did not mean gay, and because of Christianity we have use for it. The word nigger did not apply to only one ethnicity when it was used and because it is a word of specific value we have use for it. So until you, the masses, have remedied this for me I will offer new words for myself. Now the word fickle-girl means faggot but does not pertain to homosexuals for it can pertain to any person and is mostly pertaining to men as the word faggot would. Now an igno-slack is a nigger but it does not apply to any ethnicity but can apply to all and all genders. Now the country in which I reside has a problem with those who would be righteous but quickly renounce their righteousness forever to become jelous fickle-girls, the men, since it is very rare to find a female fickle-girl and then if you think you have found any is likely that you blaspheme the concept because it is very rare. Now there is a trend of igno-slacks in our country who are white men, and they are grotesque in the uglieness, and many of them are well educated and have become bigger igno-slacks with their different vocabulary by which they do that which an igno-slack would do, being with cowardice and strength at once, their substance being wrath, hatred, and jelousy, that they are leaning into the sick as if to fight them, and speaking like soldiers when they are over-compensating for their jelousy being extroverts even when they are introverts, and becoming strong with each other in their common knowledge of each other’s cowardly deeds and hatred’s that bond them, that they are not soldiers who are criminals, they are not like men, but are bonded in strength when there is none among them who is not guilty of what they have done to disrupt their strength and cause them to hate from insecurity within them. For they walk as men and then stumble as wicked cowards and then walk again and are only men when they have puffed themselves up with wrath. For do they not stumble before the righteous and cling to them as they fall? But they are hating enough and are held as men only by insolence to then be, not men, but men of the devil, being made from what is not good. Now these are grotesque and like filthy and hateful creatures that are ungainly and crippled within. For when they are strong it is so that they are of the devil, but when they are weak it is those missing what the devil can offer them. Now does the devil not prepare his soldiers and are not the minds of his soldiers untouched by the acceptance of and performance of wickedness. For they have opposite minds from you and opposite hearts that to do all wickedness is only become natural for them that the paths and ways are changed that it is an abomination for them to do well.
In the semi-feudal, democracy, the king of soldiers of the cities are the local kings, or it is so in the nation where the angel resided. Now there is a council beyond these kings and a king or queen of the council and the council is elected by the people. Now the council is either ignored or adhered to and the council has little might against the kings of soldiers.
In the semi-feudal, democracy, the king of soldiers of the cities are the local kings, or it is so in the nation where the angel resided. Now there is a council beyond these kings and a king or queen of the council and the council is elected by the people. Now the council is either ignored or adhered to and the council has little might against the kings of soldiers.
In what image is a woman preserved in heaven when the beauty of her youth is preserved there by her good? In what way is love preserved there when love cannot perish? Will the Lord who cares for people cast away anything of true value that is both on Earth and in Heaven? For we look to God to save us to immortality, to His son to come down and rescue us with a heavenly atonement, that we might be immortal, and that our true items of substance might be saved from the destruction of death. Can even wisdom do this thing? Can any prophet offer the atonement? But I have paid a price because more was not told to me, and the word was not sufficient because I did not know it’s secrets, and did not obey as well as I could because of more wisdom that I lacked that was not told to me. Certainly there is one who attempts to be foolish and abandon what wisdom they were given, and not the one who seeks the pleasures of a world but the one who wants war and chooses the wrong battle for themselves that they might impair themselves and have less, casting away and losing and even attempting to cast away the good that others have spiritually, and this is not consistent but wayward. The one who seeks foolishness seeks impairment but there are rebels and the rebellious in the keeping of God. High or low, superior or not is of the individual, and the secrets of the Lord’s
 people is kept, only good should not be kept from good when it is God’s will. The just recompense is even God’s that He is glorified even by the spirits of men so that Heaven and Earth might commune on Earth. I am not to be worshiped by men and the kingdom is the Lord’s. If there is more there is a son of God and I would want Him to say, let none attempt to divide you from me.
In what image is a woman preserved in heaven when the beauty of her youth is preserved there by her good? In what way is love preserved there when love cannot perish? Will the Lord who cares for people cast away anything of true value that is both on Earth and in Heaven? For we look to God to save us to immortality, to His son to come down and rescue us with a heavenly atonement, that we might be immortal, and that our true items of substance might be saved from the destruction of death. Can even wisdom do this thing? Can any prophet offer the atonement? But I have paid a price because more was not told to me, and the word was not sufficient because I did not know it’s secrets, and did not obey as well as I could because of more wisdom that I lacked that was not told to me. Certainly there is one who attempts to be foolish and abandon what wisdom they were given, and not the one who seeks the pleasures of a world but the one who wants war and chooses the wrong battle for themselves that they might impair themselves and have less, casting away and losing and even attempting to cast away the good that others have spiritually, and this is not consistent but wayward. The one who seeks foolishness seeks impairment but there are rebels and the rebellious in the keeping of God. High or low, superior or not is of the individual, and the secrets of the Lord’s people is kept, only good should not be kept from good when it is God’s will. The just recompense is even God’s that He is glorified even by the spirits of men so that Heaven and Earth might commune on Earth. I am not to be worshiped by men and the kingdom is the Lord’s. If there is more there is a son of God and I would want Him to say, let none attempt to divide you from me. Can good be done without the evil? Can what was committed and what failed be fulfilled? But I perceive that the priority is with His son and the power to fulfill is with His aid and way.
In what image is a woman preserved in heaven when the beauty of her youth is preserved there by her good? In what way is love preserved there when love cannot perish? Will the Lord who cares for people cast away anything of true value that is both on Earth and in Heaven? For we look to God to save us to immortality, to His son to come down and rescue us with a heavenly atonement, that we might be immortal, and that our true items of substance might be saved from the destruction of death. Can even wisdom do this thing? Can any prophet offer the atonement? But I have paid a price because more was not told to me, and the word was not sufficient because I did not know it’s secrets, and did not obey as well as I could because of more wisdom that I lacked that was not told to me. 
In what image is a woman preserved in heaven when the beauty of her youth is preserved there by her good? In what way is love preserved there when love cannot perish? Will the Lord who cares for people cast away anything of true value that is both on Earth and in Heaven? For we look to God to save us to immortality, to His son to come down and rescue us with a heavenly atonement, that we might be immortal, and that our true items of substance might be saved from the destruction of death. Can even wisdom do this thing? Can any prophet offer the atonement? But I have paid a price because more was not told to me, and the word was not sufficient because I did not know it’s secrets, and did not obey as well as I could because of more wisdom that I lacked that was not told to me. Certainly there is one who attempts to be foolish and abandon what wisdom they were given, and not the one who seeks the pleasures of a world but the one who wants war and chooses the wrong battle for themselves that they might impair themselves and have less, casting away and losing and even attempting to cast away the good that others have spiritually, and this is not consistent but wayward. The one who seeks foolishness seeks impairment but there are rebels and the rebellious in the keeping of God.
In what image is a woman preserved in heaven when the beauty of her youth is preserved there by her good? In what way is love preserved there when love cannot perish? Will the Lord who cares for people cast away anything of true value that is both on Earth and in Heaven? For we look to God to save us to immortality, to His son to come down and rescue us with a heavenly atonement, that we might be immortal, and that our true items of substance might be saved from the destruction of death. Can even wisdom do this thing? Can any prophet offer the atonement? But I have paid a price because more was not told to me, and the word was not sufficient because I did not know it’s secrets, and did not obey as well as I could because of more wisdom that I lacked that was not told to me. Certainly there is one who attempts to be foolish and abandon what wisdom they were given, and not the one who seeks the pleasures of a world but the one who wants war and chooses the wrong battle for themselves that they might impair themselves and have less, casting away and losing and even attempting to cast away the good that others have spiritually, and this is not consistent but wayward. The one who seeks foolishness seeks impairment but there are rebels and the rebellious in the keeping of God. High or low, superior or not is of the individual, and the secrets of the Lord’s people is kept, only good should not be kept from good when it is God’s will. The just recompense is even God’s that He is glorified even by the spirits of men so that Heaven and Earth might commune on Earth. I am not to be worshiped by men and the kingdom is the Lord’s. If there is more there is a son of God and I would want Him to say, let none attempt to divide you from me. Can good be done without the evil? Can what was committed and what failed be fulfilled? But I perceive that the priority is with His son and the power to fulfill is with His aid and way.
In what image is a woman preserved in heaven when the beauty of her youth is preserved there by her good? In what way is love preserved there when love cannot perish? Will the Lord who cares for people cast away anything of true value that is both on Earth and in Heaven? For we look to God to save us to immortality, to His son to come down and rescue us with a heavenly atonement, that we might be immortal, and that our true items of substance might be saved from the destruction of death. Can even wisdom do this thing? Can any prophet offer the atonement? But I have paid a price because more was not told to me, and the word was not sufficient because I did not know it’s secrets, and did not obey as well as I could because of more wisdom that I lacked that was not told to me. Certainly there is one who attempts to be foolish and abandon what wisdom they were given, and not the one who seeks the pleasures of a world but the one who wants war and chooses the wrong battle for themselves that they might impair themselves and have less, casting away and losing and even attempting to cast away the good that others have spiritually, and this is not consistent but wayward. The one who seeks foolishness seeks impairment but there are rebels and the rebellious in the keeping of God. High or low, superior or not is of the individual, and the secrets of the Lord’s people is kept, only good should not be kept from good when it is God’s will. The just recompense is even God’s that He is glorified even by the spirits of men so that Heaven and Earth might commune on Earth.
Integrity to not do business causes poverty among the people, for it profits none to be responsible for others, but the active trade is making gain easier.
Interactions list
Type list
Rate list
Cell type
General replication rate
Possible DNA scenarios - cancerous, slow, normal, fast

interactions standard .inv

DNA interactions
Cell exterior interactions
Enzyme interactions - rate
Inhibiting interactions
Disinhibiting interactions
Interactions list
Type list
Rate list
Cell type
General replication rate
Possible DNA scenarios - cancerous, slow, normal, fast

interactions standard .inv

DNA interactions
Cell exterior interactions
Enzyme interactions - rate
Inhibiting interactions
Disinhibiting interactions
Is it easier to say gentile or Babylonian? But those of the kingdom are not gentiles and if they are not Jews than they place the truth of God before those low things of Babylon. For Babylon has kings due to luck and chance and its princes are those who did wrong to be placed there. Why then does any exhault Babylon over the truth? But truth, having all substance, is not luck and chance and if there is injustice it is known by God. But the prophet does not annoint the leaders of Babylon and the things that given in injustice and without merit are not the truth for they have no substance. Now if Babylonians should be jelous of any of those not Gentiles it is because they have no substance, being constructed and held by Baybolon and being of the merit of Babylon, which is nothing. Now if a dog should enter your house it is possible a grievance, but what dog is for exaulting itself over the child? But let them strive and mis-shape themselves according to Babylon that they might strive and bend and hold themselves up for nothing and no reason because they are animals before the child. But if men and women of the gentiles have feigned insanity to intimidate and bully than are they not a foolish and confusing people fit for the animals, and yet the animals
 are more noble than these. For even blasphamy by their cults is invented when it is and cast away at another time, that they are a rediculous and foolish people who boast and exhault themselves in nothing and do not possess the humility for truth. For if any should adhere to truth, that Babylon is luck and chance, they will not be at war with the kingdom, because the truth is not Babylon. But let not the unloved child believe that life is fair, suddenly, or the ugly one, that they are loved. But if any will know truth and believe that there is an afterlife than they know what is true. But if any will say, the fire will consume our sacrifice, then at length let them realize the consequences. 
It is expected that the guilty will first accuse the righteous of their wrongs, so that by understanding we know when it is so with ease and no disruption and peace in what is expected because of the understanding of a man.
It is nature for those who are the devil’s to accuse when they are guilty of what they accuse, but it has not occurred to many a child who is God’s.
It is prudent not to be cursing too much when you have received a bad report, for you do not know how much might be slander or if all is true, but such is of no matter unless it be for continuation of your strategies. Now the righteous are blessed and all is going to them when they fight for justice, that when you are leader and wise you are finding good with the righteous, but those of lies and wrong doing, are they not the burden? But the rebel against evil is not your enemy, for it is council and good, that it is a light thing of blessing, but the rebel of wickedness, those who have no belief, are not all believing and yet they do not? Now one is wicked and the other offering light council, that one is faithful and the other fit to be cast out, and strength is given when you have the righteous. Now the elder man who is wise can be a mighty councillor and yet where there is much chaos, are there not some interloping in places as if idle. But one faction is builders, intelligent in things of engineering, another skilled in politics and procedures, that often the greater are not as close to the place where decisions are made, but do they not correct themselves and their leader is one of them, for they are mighty by intelligence, for their leader corrects them and they correct themselves and they come and go with ability. Now those of politics and procedure are having herbs, and they bicker in different ways, and bickering and grumbling is nothing, for many are as if elite in their abilities. Now if some are railing outside without understanding, than is it truly for you? But much must be permitted that it go well in the land.
It is prudent not to be cursing too much when you have received a bad report, for you do not know how much might be slander or if all is true, but such is of no matter unless it be for continuation of your strategies. Now the righteous are blessed and all is going to them when they fight for justice, that when you are leader and wise you are finding good with the righteous, but those of lies and wrong doing, are they not the burden? But the rebel against evil is not your enemy, for it is council and good, that it is a light thing of blessing, but the rebel of wickedness, those who have no belief, are not all believing and yet they do not? Now one is wicked and the other offering light council, that one is faithful and the other fit to be cast out, and strength is given when you have the righteous. Now the elder man who is wise can be a mighty councillor and yet where there is much chaos, are there not some interloping in places as if idle. But one faction is builders, intelligent in things of engineering, another skilled in politics and procedures, that often the greater are not as close to the place where decisions are made, but do they not correct themselves and their leader is one of them, for they are mighty by intelligence, for their leader corrects them and they correct themselves and they come and go with ability. Now those of politics and procedure are having herbs, and they bicker in different ways, and bickering and grumbling is nothing, for many are as if elite in their abilities. Now if some are railing outside without understanding, than is it truly for you? But much must be permitted that it go well in the land.
It is prudent not to be cursing too much when you have received a bad report, for you do not know how much might be slander or if all is true, but such is of no matter unless it be for continuation of your strategies. Now the righteous are blessed and all is going to them when they fight for justice, that when you are leader and wise you are finding good with the righteous, but those of lies and wrong doing, are they not the burden? But the rebel against evil is not your enemy, for it is council and good, that it is a light thing of blessing, but the rebel of wickedness, those who have no belief, are not all believing and yet they do not? Now one is wicked and the other offering light council, that one is faithful and the other fit to be cast out, and strength is given when you have the righteous. Now the elder man who is wise can be a mighty councillor and yet where there is much chaos there are some interloping in places as if idle.
It is still true that we should kill all the ugly people, and yet if we do not do it when it is in our power it is only to honour the laws of a nation because God is loving us and it is not because of ugly people. But it is forbidden to kill all the ugly people, and I too forbid it, and I only must forbid it to honour God. Now this that is written and declared takes the primary priority that nothing else written makes it lesser in priority because it is foremost because nothing cancels it or makes it nothing but it is the addition to all, being the primary priority, and let no ugly person misuse it, for I would declare worse for them than what any beautiful person would declare for them, that no ugly person would turn a beautiful person against me or I against them.
It is still true that we should kill all the ugly people, and yet if we do not do it when it is in our power it is only to honour the laws of a nation because God is loving us and it is not because of ugly people. But it is forbidden to kill all the ugly people and forbidden to do what this culture calls murder, and I too forbid it, and I only must forbid it to honour God. Now this that is written and declared takes the primary priority that nothing else written makes it lesser in priority because it is foremost because nothing cancels it or makes it nothing but it is the addition to all, being the primary priority, and let no ugly person misuse it, for I would declare worse for them than what any beautiful person would declare for them, that no ugly person would turn a beautiful person against me or I against them.
It is understood that even vainity cannot be judged. Now if any is not beautiful what is good to do for them if something good might be done?Now the peasant has said we judge you because you have made us jelous, that we have incorporated this as an addition to our morality, and we revile you and hate you because of what is, because you are like a god to us, who makes us miserable, and it should not be. For one is a farmer, the other a shop-keeper, another a banker or dentist, and we all have labour and choirs to our sorrow and burden on Earth, and you come to us like a god to reign in splendour and afflict us with misery. For what is a poor peasant to bring you that would appease you. My daughter is in school and I work hard, and what more can I give to you for your presence like a god requires it from my hand and I have no more to give so that my heart accuses me to misery because I am not adequate to give you more good as you should be given. Now for the sake of mercy, I have attacked you in defence because I could bear no more and was not well in mind anymore, and can I be blamed? But I am only a man and you are like a god. What can man do in this world but work hard and attempt to accomplish and hope there is something left over after the gods have had their fill. —And the man wept in a heart of innocence because of the misery and sorrow of life. Now the one like a god had compassion and did not blame him.
Jealousy translated into envy by offensive action is more tolerable for some people who have niche neurosis.
Jude, the good one, the one that everybody loved, the only one who cared enough after the rest were doing great things. Did Peter care? Paul? I have nothing to say. Did anybody pause for a moment to consider something? Jude is the one I like. Servant of the Christ, and the only person who seemed to have the time to do something others did not. For some are to be compared to an abandoned mother in this way and yet Jude has cared. Like-wise there are the elderly dealing with those who are like them who rebelled at Korah. Now are the angels saved by the consideration of Jude, who is the Christ’s servant. For he has given to me as if all, including the Christ, for what I valued most he has given, and what is valued for other things the disciples have given to others. Now he is the Christ’s servant and I am hearing him as if a letter with the Christ’s words, and yet is Jude to be considered seperate in some way, for there is another thing and Jude is with his brothers and yet seperate, is he not? For he has considered what the others were not given to consider. Now my heart is with love and kind intentioned humour without mocking or meanness at the beginning of what I write here, and yet it is with love from the heart that the humour is partially true. Now there are your elderly being afflicted by those like those who rebelled against Moses at Korah and were swallowed by the Earth. Now some act out personal
 grievances against them and others are firmly believing the elderly are unwanted and forgotten that they appeal to the animals as if to attack the abandoned old, for wrath is in their hearts at the idea of being better than animals. Now the glory I give to Jude and if he would throw it away, I am still grateful that he is the Christ’s servant and is among the disciples, for it is like his brothers have gone to Great War and yet Jude has rescued every one of them who is in combat, so that my love is greater for him. Now let the wise understand more for there is always more to get with consideration to wisdom for only a small bit of sand is gathered and the Universe is as if filled up with desert planets so that even the planets cannot be counted.
Jude, the good one, the one that everybody loved, the only one who cared enough after the rest were doing great things. Did Peter care? Paul? I have nothing to say. Did anybody pause for a moment to consider something? Jude is the one I like. Servant of the Christ, and the only person who seemed to have the time to do something others did not. For some are to be compared to an abandoned mother in this way and yet Jude has cared. Like-wise there are the elderly dealing with those who are like them who rebelled at Korah. Now are the angels saved by the consideration of Jude, who is the Christ’s servant. For he has given to me as if all, including the Christ, for what I valued most he has given, and what is valued for other things the disciples have given to others. Now he is the Christ’s servant and I am hearing him as if a letter with the Christ’s words, and yet is Jude to be considered seperate in some way, for there is another thing and Jude is with his brothers and yet seperate, is he not? For he has considered what the others were not given to consider. Now my heart is with love and kind intentioned humour without mocking or meanness at the beginning of what I write here, and yet it is with love from the heart that the humour is partially true. Now there are your elderly being afflicted by those like those who rebelled against Moses at Korah and were swallowed by the Earth. Now some act out personal grievances against them and others are firmly believing the elderly are unwanted and forgotten that they appeal to the animals as if to attack the abandoned old, for wrath is in their hearts at the idea of being better than animals. Now the glory I give to Jude and if he would throw it away, I am still grateful that he is the Christ’s servant and is among the disciples, for it is like his brothers have gone to Great War and yet Jude has rescued every one of them who is in combat, so that my love is greater for him. Now let the wise understand more for there is always more to get with consideration to wisdom for only a small bit of sand is gathered and the Universe is as if filled up with desert planets so that even the planets cannot be counted.
Jude, the good one, the one that everybody loved, the only one who cared enough after the rest were doing great things. Did Peter care? Paul? I have nothing to say. Did anybody pause for a moment to consider something? Jude is the one I like. Servant of the Christ, and the only person who seemed to have the time to do something others did not. For some are to be compared to an abandoned mother in this way and yet Jude has cared. Like-wise there are the elderly dealing with those who are like them who rebelled at Korah. Now are the angels saved by the consideration of Jude, who is the Christ’s servant. For he has given to me as if all, in addition to what the Christ has, for what I valued most he has given, and what is valued for other things the disciples have given to others. Now he is the Christ’s servant and I am hearing him as if a letter with the Christ’s words, and yet is Jude to be considered seperate in some way, for there is another thing and Jude is with his brothers and yet seperate, is he not? For he has considered what the others were not given to consider. Now my heart is with love and kind intentioned humour without mocking or meanness at the beginning of what I write here, and yet it is with love from the heart that the humour is partially true, very true in a way for even in my deciding that everyone should love him, it is the right of my opinion, and the way is good in how I have said it. Now there are your elderly being afflicted by those like those who rebelled against Moses at Korah and were swallowed by the Earth. Now some act out personal grievances against them and others are firmly believing the elderly are unwanted and forgotten that they appeal to the animals as if to attack the abandoned old, for wrath is in their hearts at the idea of being better than animals. Now the glory I give to Jude and if he would throw it away, I am still grateful that he is the Christ’s servant and is among the disciples, for it is like his brothers have gone to Great War and yet Jude has rescued every one of them who is in combat, so that my love is greater for him. Now let the wise understand more for there is always more to get with consideration to wisdom for only a small bit of sand is gathered and the Universe is as if filled up with desert planets so that even the planets cannot be counted.
Jude, the good one, the one that everybody loved, the only one who cared enough after the rest were doing great things. Did Peter care? Paul? I have nothing to say. Did anybody pause for a moment to consider something? Jude is the one I like. Servant of the Christ, and the only person who seemed to have the time to do something others did not. For some are to be compared to an abandoned mother in this way and yet Jude has cared. Like-wise there are the elderly dealing with those who are like them who rebelled at Korah. Now are the angels saved by the consideration of Jude, who is the Christ’s servant. For he has given to me as if all, in addition to what the Christ has, for what I valued most he has given, and what is valued for other things the disciples have given to others. Now he is the Christ’s servant and I am hearing him as if a letter with the Christ’s words, and yet is Jude to be considered seperate in some way, for there is another thing and Jude is with his brothers and yet seperate, is he not? For he has considered what the others were not given to consider. Now my heart is with love and kind intentioned humour without mocking or meanness at the beginning of what I write here, and yet it is with love from the heart that the humour is partially true, very true in a way for even in my deciding that everyone should love him, it is the right of my opinion, and the way is good in how I have said it. Now there are your elderly being afflicted by those like those who rebelled against Moses at Korah and were swallowed by the Earth. Now some act out personal grievances against them and others are firmly believing the elderly are unwanted and forgotten that they appeal to the animals as if to attack the abandoned old, for wrath is in their hearts at the idea of being better than animals. Now the glory I give to Jude and if he would throw it away, I am still grateful that he is the Christ’s servant and is among the disciples, for it is like his brothers have gone to Great War and yet Jude has rescued every one of them who is in combat, so that my love is greater for him. Now let the wise understand more for there is always more to get with consideration to wisdom for only a small bit of sand is gathered and the Universe is as if filled up with desert planets so that even the planets cannot be counted.
Jude, the good one, the one that everybody loved, the only one who cared enough after the rest were doing great things. Did Peter care? Paul? I have nothing to say. Did anybody pause for a moment to consider something? Jude is the one I like. Servant of the Christ, and the only person who seemed to have the time to do something others did not.
Justice is not without judgement that one thing is not good where another is not bad, else there is nothing for any grievance towards anything. But it is sometimes and not often the case that the person who would do something enough times will not be badly touched by coorection that is a wrong correction to use on the person who would not do something many times for whom a very small rebuke goes deeper into to them than 50 lashes to a fool.
Lacking knowledge they swelled with lack of substance and exalted themselves, being poor in something, that they might claim that none was greater than them, and better was the one who paid for help and was righteous enough to have it, and yet was despised. These two were very different, and the one who was despised was kind and good, but the scorn of some was not perceiving all, and so there is nothing to correct for these. But as for the one who lacked he joined a group that was already of crime but not of violence, and he acted foolishly, but it was better for him, being better than the one who had no understanding and little knowledge who was for carrying out violence for sport.
Lacking knowledge they swelled with lack of substance and exalted themselves, being poor in something, that they might claim that none was greater than them, and better was the one who paid for help and was righteous enough to have it, and yet was despised. These two were very different, and the one who was despised was kind and good, but the scorn of some was not perceiving all, and so there is nothing to correct for these. But as for the one who lacked he joined a group that was already of crime but not of violence, and he acted foolishly, but it was better for him, being better than the one who had no understanding and little knowledge who was for carrying out violence for sport.
Lan is a 16 year old who is living in the desert continent Haddirim which has the great Herit expanse
 of desert where the nomobi live with their strange ancient religion and practises, a terrifying desert tribe that is extremely lethal and rumoured to be unforgiving of tresspasses into their areas. They leave their dead upon the sand on a wooden cradle and send the body to the sky to return to the sand, and they play the stringed quintal instrument and sing songs only in the pre-world language of a far away people, for they came to the desert fleeing the failure in the war of Roramit in which they fought as the elite tribe of warriors who took their objective and another also, although many other attacks failed so that the war was lost and the soldiers and many massacred, so that the city, Wendack, was burned and destroyed and most people massacred. The elite warrior tribe had none left to fight with them and 3000 of them moved across the great dividing oceans and were persecuted by some because of lack of land until they settled in the desert and became 30 thousand people over many generations. They are a people with excellent hearing and sight and generally strong and fast, who undergo a secret combat training of their own combat art that focuses upon the knife and sword, which is one-sided. They are as elite soldiers, the best of any nation, all of them.
Lan is a 16 year old who is living in the desert continent Haddirim which has the great Herit expanse of desert where the nomobi live with their strange ancient religion and practises, a terrifying desert tribe that is extremely lethal and rumoured to be unforgiving of tresspasses into their areas. They leave their dead upon the sand on a wooden cradle and send the body to the sky to return to the sand, and they play the stringed quintal instrument and sing songs only in the pre-world language of a far away people, for they came to the desert fleeing the failure in the war of Roramit in which they fought as the elite tribe of warriors who took their objective and another also, although many other attacks failed so that the war was lost and the soldiers and many massacred, so that the city, Wendack, was burned and destroyed and most people massacred. The elite warrior tribe had none left to fight with them and 3000 of them moved across the great dividing oceans and were persecuted by some because of lack of land until they settled in the desert and became 30 thousand people over many generations. They are a people with excellent hearing and sight and generally strong and fast, who undergo a secret combat training of their own combat art that focuses upon the knife and sword, which is one-sided. They are as elite soldiers, the best of any nation, all of them. Lan is an orphan who is being protected by the nomobi but he does not know of it until the assissination attacks begin on him and he is defended by soldiers of the nomobi. Prior to this Lan is going to the local school which is in a castle and tent complex, and he is living with distant relatives, a small clan, although they are not really related to except by one marriage a long time ago. His father fought and died in a war after shortly arriving to the desert continent, and his mother died shortly after he was born after a tribe taking orders from demons, sent out a group of soldiers to kill her and her child. His father killed most of the assissins with the help of his uncle, but both his mother and uncle were killed in the attack and when his father opened the basement door, his son was still alive.
Let a woman find her husband, for the world is filled up with distractions and ways to stumble, that where she gives herself there her husband is, that if she loves his house and it is pleasing to God, she wants a good thing.
Let not dogs come between men, not the Egyptian and the Elsnon, nor any people displaying any shade. But a dog struck away by the visitor and the noble man has judged him innocent that it does not disrupt matters of peace. For if there are dogs that are violent than do they do good for any people? But when a violent dog has bitten the visitor it is eventually biting and attacking those who are citizens of the city. Now will any march behind a dog for it to be their captain? But the Elsnon have no use to have dogs that bite and bark at any for they are not defended by dogs. How then do we have defence? But we are defended by better things and dogs are not required for this. 
Let not the wicked say, “I am exceedingly great by wickedness.” There foolishness is as pointless as nothing, but the words towards God were heard by Abel.
Let silver be with what is beautiful, but all women are beautiful, and so let words of wisdom be found on the lips of the one who does well, on the lips of the kind in due season, and how right it is, even the lips of the wicked when it is in respect of what is great, being God, that the wise saying not be found in foolish contention, to be used unjustly, that the good will be taken to the palace to dwell, and the fool cast among ruin and desolate darkness. For the men with integrity are good to me, the upright with good to me, the one’s without integrity and control having at times abandoned all they have to be fools towards me, and I did not encroach upon anything that was theirs. But there have been young men like goats to do good to me, to offer good, that integrity is good and they are like a precious stone upon a land the Lord has chosen, to dwell amongst the rocks, to do their good upon the Earth. The righteous men have understanding and good, to descern between the people in judgement, that I am encouraged beyond what might be fitting to add good to good that I a do not fear for the people when three or four of these is found, that justice can be restored, that the land might be with much abundance, that justice and support might both be there, that the leaders of men might receive councillors of integrity and wisdom.
Let silver be with what is beautiful, let words of wisdom be found on the lips of the one who does well, on the lips of the kind in due season, and how right it is, even the lips of the wicked when it is in respect of what is great, being God, that the wise saying not be found in foolish contention, to be used unjustly, that the good will be taken to the palace to dwell, and the fool cast among ruin and desolate darkness. For the men with integrity are good to me, the upright with good to me, the one’s without integrity and control having at times abandoned all they have to be fools towards me, and I did not encroach upon anything that was theirs. But there have been young men like goats to do good to me, to offer good, that integrity is good and they are like a precious stone upon a land the Lord has chosen, to dwell amongst the rocks, to do their good upon the Earth. The righteous men have understanding and good, to descern between the people in judgement, that I am encouraged beyond what might be fitting to add good to good that I a do not fear for the people when three or four of these is found, that justice can be restored, that the land might be with much abundance, that justice and support might both be there, that the leaders of men might receive councillors of integrity and wisdom.
Let the devil’s house wage war against itself and if you will, you may be following good in the light.
Let the leader be purified from Ahab that the unclean spirit is cast out, for the spirit of the bullied one is worse to punish his own people who hate him if it is so. Now do not say, yet I have done well, when it is taken from you who is to be cast out. For a king cannot be bullied by their people and to believe so is foolishness.
Let them show truth of cause by their actions, whether they rage against holy places, scorning the prophet’s village from close by, saying that which is like prophanity, and know that men are greater than them and a rebellious dog has no master to defend and barks and growls of it’s own insecurity. So are those who were taught to throw a stumbling block before the children of Israel, for though they may seem like a tribe they are scattered and gathering fools.
Level of anarchy required in capitalism democratic system to keep system from collapsing as opposed to monarchy or theocracy with similar values and given by equation.
Levels of consciousness and quest for societal separations based on substantial principles of individuals.
List: ordered, changeable
Tuple: ordered, unchangeable
Set: unordered, unchangable
Dictionary: key and value: ordered, changeable
List of differences in cancer cells and ways to target such differences.
List of differences in cancer cells and ways to target such differences.
Little time for reberembering the bakery land or the lucid lullabies of July time when apples bloomed and fell to the grass after the closed half shadows turned to bring back times of eternal shades when we slung ourselves into the world of foliage and excised the evil past that was to be future, so forever the flame burns down the town to heaps ash and it is all swept out and low to places past the lines of days when we delt with the killing avalanches and the boisterous beasts with sharp teeth, so far in the crisp apple days of fairy light and winters huddled fast to some new deseases clime that was unfixed and cast out for the soldiers marched in stoic ambuscade to the gate and blasted down the evil from that place. For in July heats were the baked bricks under leather shoe of some, and the dreary, dreadful towns of iron and industrial ash as the new era began its cacophony into technology when democracy already opened the gap so that even hell could enter, rising up in wallets of lava, streams of augmented fire that burned down the sick and poor places and rounded up the ill ones into camps and bigger houses, where cruel masked demons cackled flee for all the strong misheouv done against the humble ones who bore the title of
 threat to the devil’s house so that frenzied and fanatical demons might devise their plan to bring more hell upon the Earth.
Low amount of conscience is lack of safety, but a moral person is going in the way of life. 
Many things that are good can be places for zeolots to be planted, for they live in secret, so that there are times when disobedience is loyalty and righteousness.
Martha takes the cake but doesn’t bake it.
Men are capable of some evil qualities that are not often found in women and to possess those qualities is not being a man. For what is a mystery is so, that you do not know, but the woman who is of greater understanding is showing herself to be good, that iniquity is not in error and foolishness not a mistake, that you not add to foolishness in looking for mortals to change what they cannot change. But why do you speak like foolish children to say that one thing is so and then another when you do not know, and in peace the person goes from you. Now is all that you do not know, knowledge, really a matter of arragance that there is no knowledge? But if one is arragent then another is not, and a child has wisdom and resilience. But is an angel not on Earth and among those things of Earth that he not be considered so innocent as was believed prior? But I have not to meddle in what is not my business and I have gained a place to offer my judgements.
Men are capable of some evil qualities that are not often found in women and to possess those qualities is not being a man. For what is a mystery is so, that you do not know, but the woman who is of greater understanding is showing herself to be good, that iniquity is not in error and foolishness not a mistake, that you not add to foolishness in looking for mortals to change what they cannot change.
Mid-level intelligence splinters generating false reports to target their own citizens in a fashion that commits terrorism against their own people.
No person is capable of being convinced by bullying and the one who believes it is like one is ignorant to all reality. For when one is guilty of that which is below the judgement of God than no amount of wickedness is enough for them to make themselves safe and secure, that though they seek out the worst prison for themselves where only their type of criminals are they are not finding enough wickedness for them, that the attempt is pointless to hide from the sky, to be hiding from God, and the mountains do not cover them to relief.
Not going in book because different thing being used: Now do you think that I wish for any, or command any to kill all the ugly people? But do I misunderstand the language as use? But I have given no command and you know right and wrong. Now if there is contention we know what it means. But let no person accuse this saying as if it was wrong to say, because God is caring for His children. But I do not give permission I do not have or give any command with this saying. Now if ugly people are conspiring against you, to ruin what is yours, how much must they be in ruin, and how much more guilt in the wrongs they commit. But if an ugly person departs from you then let them go, because it is beautiful. Now if an ugly is not returning good to you for what you have done, and it is not wrong, did you not already know the place of the beautiful? But be remembering that you are God’s and that God is able to give you reward.

Now Avram says, Come and let me prepare for you, and another says, provide for yourself and go to God, for if you come to Earth to be labouring as we, yet you are not to be among us, return to Heaven. Now I have gone to be among people with things from Sodom and Babylon and unruly and jelous wilderness tribes and a king who does not lead but is doing as requested even when there is time for leadership, and anarchy has plagued the land, and yet there is a white-wash covering and the people are not able to see through to know of the chaos, and great evils are occuring, and Orgoth is gaining strong holds in places, and the people with many gods do not even attempt the blessing but fear God more than the angel when I go to them, for it is because of Joshua that I go. The people with the wall are valuing meekness of wisdom, and does not the kingdom of Heaven value such, but the dragon is now representing other things yet I am suspicious of what some of their ancestors may have asked the Lord for, that they are able to be given it, and I will hope with respect and politeness that the one who is their king and has authority will grant me permission to offer wisdom to them, for the greatness is the kings when he permits anything that he does not have to permit. Now my own nation is chaos and the inability to see it, for it is fear and self-control and yet those practising anarchy are exercising neither, and I still ask permission with respect that contentions might be lessened, for my people are favouring much that is your people, and if those in power in my nation do not, yet they are gone by the end of seasons, that we await trouble ending in this fashion when it is towards us, and we are of the type by our own boasting that is not, to honour much of what is of your people. Now if our neighbour resists you than still I am not a citizen of either, but you are king and have authority, yet I am on Earth to participate and endure as any, and give honour to what is given power by God on Earth. Now I must not attempt to tell you what to do, and do not, but I have asked for your indulgence to allow me to reveal my heart in this matter that it might be known.

Now Babel does not have enough understanding and knowledge for the priests of Babylon, and Babylon looks to the priests for many answers and it is not for priests, insufficient in understanding and knowledge, to not give an answer as if they know and understand, for they are the priests and soldiers of the city come to them for answers, and so do many citizens who have family who are sick in some way, for priests are knowing the answer with what they have and it is disgrace for a priest to say that they can doing nothing on a matter, for their duty is to take action and know, for they are priests. Now for what cause is Babel as if clean in this thing and blameless and yet it is so, and the blameless mess is perceived by wisdom, for Babel is far from Babylon and seperate.

Now Babel has manifested much to the wisdom and understanding of dogs that other animals are even neglected, for by their language they are lead because the language they created was mostly for dogs.

Now Babel is not having confirmed knowledge and understanding in all they claim and they have boasted and lied to extend striving authority in some places, for they have boasted confirmed knowledge where there is nothing confirmed. Now one cannot take action based on that which would be understanding of people, because actions must be and they are all discussion in matters of justice, for one does not descern hearts in judgement with concerns to actions, to do judgement, but actions are the only cause for doing justice and actions are all. Now what a person believes is not what they believe if the actions of it are not performed.

Now Babel is on land in an open space of flat ground and Babylon is placing hindrances around it in out time so that some are finding it hard to enter. Now Babel is not Babylon and Babylon is not made to heed the words and advice of Babel, for they are sometimes disregarding the council of Babel.
 
Now Babel is shaping itself according to chosen disbelief in any god and they have no star in the sky, for they are shaping themselves to disbelief, for all must come to disbelief or else it is deemed unfit for building the tower, and yet when it is sent out it is deadly poison to those who believe, and a gathering of soldiers and weapons sent out to attack and kill, that they must keep strictly to their own affairs and refrain from meddling in the happenings of the land that they not send out soldiers to kill, for their tower is theirs to govern. But if their tower has sent out soldiers who dwell in shadow, who are as shadows, and have the sword and other weapons and if they have sent out war elephants that exist as shadows that attack, than the angel has not seized their tower for no reason, for they are not permitted to seize anything that is not their tower.
Now Babylon by Babel is belonging with the animals and the sick animals for it comes up from hell and should be devoured by Orgoth’s highest son and the middle son. Now they are like animals who have been circumsized to the injury of the torso, to the cutting off of limbs, and they are at the level of the animals, mostly dogs, and the calf emerges and stumbles but the angel is not for attempting to kill it. Now God could kill it. But if a demon cries it is harsh and cruel in its suffering.

Now Babylon has an army of slaves and it’s numbers are large. Now three-hundred Greeks made them pay greatly, but for India I turn back for the sword does not devour forever.

Now Babylon has favoured Luke-warmth and dross and tin and worthless jewals and metals and plastic metals and all that is empty of substance for there is only a portion which is not entirely foolish. Now they have sought over-reaching control that they censor and cast out hot and cold, except where it has survived, and they have said in loyalty to Babylon, let us have more control that our strong hand might be elsewhere, for they have wanted the strong hand to grow and the gates to be more secure with the evil guards that the kingdom they attack and cast out and they have placed the Luke-warm in the churches of Christians that they might dampen fire and suffocate flames, and the even the dead church is too much a hot or cold sign, that broad is the Luke-warm road to hell, and the sons of Orgoth are with that road, and the great evils and wickedness is covered with Luke-warmth, with white-wash, that their great wickedness they do might be concealed, for they are those who hide all and seek to cover and hide all wickedness, that the rebel shakes them to dust, and rattles and shatters the bars of the prisons and sends heavy thunder as earthquakes that shake their Luke-warm and filthy places, and the saints are found to be disgusting when they are hot, that they have the foolishness of Christ, that it be known that those who have been deceived are not deceived, for they remain without the Luke-warmth of disbelief, that the cold are at least right to be dead that they might repent, that those in the middle might be cast out and they are disgusting. For let the fire consume them, and let them even burn for eternity.
Now Babylon has what takes all good and turns it to evil, for they would claim for profit, but they may profit less. Now they are melting in their furnaces to change to evil, and the Lord and the Christ must then know if an angel rescued any.
Now Babylon is massive, for I detest to say it, but it is Babylon the Great, and in some parts of Babylon the soldiers of the city do not betray what is with God and His house, and yet it does not seem prudent to assume with confidence and trust that this is the case for all parts of Babylon, for even in those areas where the soldiers are pledging allegiance to God, there are those acting with no regard for the other soldiers and pledging allegiance to Babylon, and yet it is no business of the citizens for it is a private matter for the soldiers to deal with. Now those soldiers pledging allegiance to Babylon are able, as all soldiers, to act with level of independence and even more so those for Babylon when they form a separate tribe for Babylon because the soldiers of the city are cursing the wickedness of Babylon that they are stronger than Babylon and pledge allegiance to God. Now in many places in Babylon, sometimes in most, the soldiers of the city are pledging allegiance to God but the traitors for Babylon are acting independently in their seperate tribes, and they are often without much fear of the the other soldiers, for do they not have strong friends in Babylon who are in places of high regard? Do they not answer more to the strong leaders and those in places of high regard, that they have strength and lack of fear of the other soldiers because of it? But it is not for citizens to use against those who pledge allegiance to God, for in such disrespect they join with Babylon to fight with it.
Now Babylon offers the full circumciscion, and Jews the circumciscion that is people. Now Babylon offers hard metals and cruel stones that have no value that they are abuse to a person who is given them as self abuse.
Now Babylon will employ the dog-lion as a soldier and those pretending to be of no intelligence are being brutal to bully, for it is not abomination to them as much is not abomination to them that is so for God’s people. Now dog-lion knows there is God and that His people are with His kingdoms. For Babylon is servant to God’s kingdom with concern to lowness, and you have taken what they seized for yourself.
Now Babylon will employ the dog-lion as a soldier and those pretending to be of no intelligence are being brutal to bully, for it is not abomination to them as much is not abomination to them that is so for God’s people. Now dog-lion knows there is God and that His people are with His kingdoms. For Babylon is servant to God’s kingdom with concern to lowness, and you have taken what they seized for yourself.
Now Babylonian tongue is many words, nuanced and polite in a fashion, and yet dishonest, able to say cruelty and evil that cannot be said in an honest way, and Jews of the Lost Tribes are able to translate to pure language of simple truth, better language, and yet those meddling between Babylonian and the pure language are extracting and offering mistranslation of Babylonian to pure language, because it has not been translated yet by those of the Lost Tribes, and they say, we do not agree with the right translation that we offer lies as the translation, and who can prove us wrong, for where is the Lord, your deliverer? Now doing as they do to intentionally mistranslate, for they are able to translate right, is called Bergabbing and it is a thing of like-women men, fickle-girls, and when they meddle between men and women it is the Sodom combat of homosexuals, men who desire men, that they are Bergabbing homosexuals of Sodom combat. Now they are beneath man and women if they do so as soldiers of cities.
Now Babylonians operate as if any place they are is Babylon when it is not, for Babylonians are always in Babylon where ever they are. Now if Babylonians send out messengers of death when they speak, for if there is serious threats of death in their mouths when the matter of occurrence is of no wrong committed, than do you not know the voice of what is not with morality? But let them not teach you their ways in this way, for their ways are wicked and worship the devil, indeed their ways are ignorant and nothing that they are not to be learned.
Now Babylonians operate as if any place they are is Babylon when it is not, for Babylonians are always in Babylon where ever they are. Now if Babylonians send out messengers of death when they speak, for if there is serious threats of death in their mouths when the matter of occurrence is of no wrong committed, than do you not know the voice of what is not with morality? But let them not teach you their ways in this way, for their ways are wicked and worship the devil, indeed their ways are ignorant and nothing that they are not to be learned.
Now Babylonians speak intimidation in Babel for they are the less intelligent. For they carry on in the hearing of others to put up large walls of foreboding and giant towers decorated with arms and dread, and yet those intelligent are for learning.
Now Babylonians speak intimidation in Babel for they are the less intelligent. For they carry on in the hearing of others to put up large walls of foreboding and giant towers decorated with arms and dread, and yet those intelligent are for learning.
Now Babylonians, some of them, do not seem to realize that most people are not Babylonian, and who knows what they are offended by? Now Babylon does not belong on Earth at all and there are not many who are Babylonian but they control much with a few there and a few there and the Lord’s people are for the majority with a few there and a few there. Now Orgoth is a minority for after it delivers from one thing is kills who is saved, that all are delivered and then killed for they have only interest in establishing their kingdom on Earth. Now sentience is Jews and all people of any ethnicity has Jews or people or men and women or what name they might be called who are the Lord’s. Now the Christ has spread the Lord from East to West and West to East and Mohamed’s people are polite and respectful of angels and they worship God. Now there is no need to rebuke them or for them to rebuke you, but they have what the angels could not accept at an early time unless they would be as an angel who would not bow to Adam, the first man, in the genre of bow that is right for such a thing, for there are different types and the angels are the Lord’s and the Christ’s.
Now Babylonians, some of them, do not seem to realize that most people are not Babylonian, and who knows what they are offended by? Now Babylon does not belong on Earth at all and there are not many who are Babylonian but they control much with a few
 there and a few there and the Lord’s people are for the majority with a few there and a few there. Now Orgoth is a minority for after it delivers from one thing is kills who is saved, that all are delivered and then killed for they have only interest in establishing their kingdom on Earth. Now sentience is Jews and all people of any ethnicity has Jews or people or men and women or what name they might be called who are the Lord’s. Now the Christ has spread the Lord from East to West and West to East and Mohamed’s people are polite and respectful of angels and they worship God. Now there is no need to rebuke them or for them to rebuke you, but they have what the angels could not accept at an early time unless they would be as an angel who would not bow to Adam, the first man, in the genre of bow that is right for such a thing, for there are different types and the angels are the Lord’s and the Christ’s.
Now Babylon’s soldiers of cities and towns and the soldiers of nations hold all in place whether good or bad. For if it is good it is maintained by them and if it is wicked it is maintained by their might. Now if leaders are changed in seasons and yet the most of the good must remain that it is maintained and if most of the wickedness must remain than it is maintained.
Now David kills two things that are not belonging in war, and both are exceedingly wicked as sodomites. Now Joab is not deceived by two things not belonging in war, for he kills the traitor delaying strategy and the insolent man who must keep away except for battle. Now David’s son is not judging two things for he is killing the insolent bully, his elder brother, and the harrassing one who desecrates territory like a sick dog that drives away people from the land, and Joab he will not let fall, but fullfills the Lord’s will and Joab’s for Joab would rather ascend to heaven than be a hypocrite, worse than death for him.
Now David kills two things that are not belonging in war, and both are exceedingly wicked as sodomites. Now Joab is not deceived by two things not belonging in war, for he kills the traitor delaying strategy and the insolent man who must keep away except for battle. Now David’s son is not judging two things for he is killing the insolent bully, his elder brother, and the harrassing one who desecrates territory like a sick dog that drives away people from the land, and Joab he will not let fall, but fullfills the Lord’s will and Joab’s for Joab would rather ascend to heaven than be a hypocrite, worse than death for him.
Now David saw the angel, and some can see an angel, but Babylon by Babel has said they are sick and arrests them. Now some see visions and Babylon through Babel arrests them. Now all shades have those who are meant to be slave owners and they are given, and the nations forbid it. Now Babel’s dogs blaspheme and they apply dog things to places it cannot be, for they reason in the heart of a dog, but Jews reason inside the heart of a man, and some have brought up things of angel’s from their hearts as if having heard some of an angel’s wisdom and using it right or as joke it is on their lips. Now the hearts of some are knowing great truth that they bring up things in the realm of heaven and the kingdom and it was so with one, but they do not know, only they bring up what they bring up because of their heart. Now a woman has opened her mouth for a man to speak truth against her, for in erring she is being less than what she is meant to be, and the man keeping to God will not say it unless he is meant to that it is not sin for him. Now did the Pharisees not tempt the Christ to speak wrong? But he speaks plainly to John as if face to face. Now the woman is wanting for man to be man to please God, and she who wants it does not say it. Now what is there to be said? But they kept to the scripture and performed it wrong because they did not understand and because of the confusion and deceptions of others and in time there was worse that Babylon came and they have a more numerous army but 300 mighty will cut them all down if there is no traitor.
Now David saw the angel, and some can see an angel, but Babylon by Babel has said they are sick and arrests them. Now some see visions and Babylon through Babel arrests them. Now all shades have those who are meant to be slave owners and they are given, and the nations forbid it. Now Babel’s dogs blaspheme and they apply dog things to places it cannot be, for they reason in the heart of a dog, but Jews reason inside the heart of a man, and some have brought up things of angel’s from their hearts as if having heard some of an angel’s wisdom and using it right or as joke it is on their lips. Now the hearts of some are knowing great truth that they bring up things in the realm of heaven and the kingdom and it was so with one, but they do not know, only they bring up what they bring up because of their heart. Now a woman has opened her mouth for a man to speak truth against her, for in erring she is being less than what she is meant to be, and the man keeping to God will not say it unless he is meant to that it is not sin for him. Now did the Pharisees not tempt the Christ to speak wrong? But he speaks plainly to John as if face to face. Now the woman is wanting for man to be man to please God, and she who wants it does not say it. Now what is there to be said? But they kept to the scripture and performed it wrong because they did not understand and because of the confusion and deceptions of others and in time there was worse that Babylon came and they have a more numerous army but 300 mighty will cut them all down if there is no traitor.
Now David saw the angel, and some can see an angel, but Babylon by Babel has said they are sick and arrests them. Now some see visions and Babylon through Babel arrests them. Now all shades have those who are meant to be slave owners and they are given, and the nations forbid it. Now Babel’s dogs blaspheme and they apply dog things to places it cannot be, for they reason in the heart of a dog, but Jews reason inside the heart of a man, and some have brought up things of angel’s from their hearts as if having heard some of an angel’s wisdom and using it right or as joke it is on their lips. Now the hearts of some are knowing great truth that they bring up things in the realm of heaven and the kingdom and it was so with one, but they do not know, only they bring up what they bring up because of their heart. Now a woman has opened her mouth for a man to speak truth against her, for in erring she is being less than what she is meant to be, and the man keeping to God will not say it unless he is meant to that it is not sin for him. Now did the Pharisees not tempt the Christ to speak wrong? But he speaks plainly to John as if face to face. Now the woman is wanting for man to be man to please God, and she who wants it does not say it. Now what is there to be said? But they kept to the scripture and performed it wrong because they did not understand and because of the confusion and deceptions of others and in time there was worse that Babylon came and they have a more numerous army but 300 mighty will cut them all down if there is no traitor.
Now Elijah does not exist, works alone and is the Lord’s killing machine. It is not right to speak about him and he does not exist. Now David, thank the Lord for him, for if there was ever a child who was a blessing, and he can manage all, even the house, so that others can focus on what they have come to accomplish. The child does not complain in the slightest and does not have to be requested, but goes out quickly at the smallest incursion from animals where there is not even much distress yet and he slays them completely and leaves none alive that there is peace to pursue those things of God, and when there is another disturbance he is diligent and goes out quickly and slays all the animals and goes further to slay all that there is peace. Now he does not complain in the slightest but runs the house and manages all problems that others might pursue what they wish. Now thank the Lord for him, for he is beyond a blessing, and who can offer him reward fitting for all that he does willingly? Now he does not judge the angel but understands and is innocent that he he gives no umbrage, nothing, an unbelievable blessing among children, for he comforts and supports and understands.
Now Enoch collides with truth, for Enoch’s sun is truth, and the sun of the last days is truth, and the sun over Israel is truth, and there are other world’s of truth, and each is a star in the sky, and some of the stars are visible from Earth, being Abraham and Jacob, the star of Israel, the mourning star of the last days that is close to Earth, the star that is Enoch that was taken by God, and Saturn and Jupiter can be seen at times, and so can Mars, which is not a star, but is reflecting truth, for if it is landed upon only a little, yet I have said, it is good. Now the mourning star which you can see, it is over all the stars in the Universe and it is over that which is like Saturn and Jupiter, for indeed it is, and such is confessed and wanted, for without the mourning star there is no Jupiter and Saturn. Now let the wise say what will be giving path to Neptune, for it is for people.

Now Enoch collides with truth, for Enoch’s sun is truth, and the sun of the last days is truth, and the sun over Israel is truth, and there are other world’s of truth, and each is a star in the sky, and some of the stars are visible from Earth, being Abraham and Jacob, the star of Israel, the mourning star of the last days that is close to Earth, the star that is Enoch that was taken by God, and Saturn and Jupiter can be seen at times, and so can Mars, which is not a star, but is reflecting truth, for if it is landed upon only a little, yet I have said, it is good. Now the
 mourning star which you can see, it is over all the stars in the Universe and it is over that which is like Saturn and Jupiter, for indeed it is, and such is confessed and wanted, for without the mourning star there is no Jupiter and Saturn. Now let the wise say what will be giving path to Neptune, for it is for people.
Now Enoch women are by idea for wisdom, that they are holy women, and yet some are deceived, some casting away holiness.
Now God is honouring the ceremony of marriage and it is like a thing of heaven, being holy and pure, but where an enemy soldier has gone out to do wickedness like sport, to capture an enemy than in this case there is no marriage. Now if any comes to the ceromony with trechory than when it is discovered the other is blameless. But God knows what is acceptable for the ceremony and what is not. Now if any should come to mock it is zeolots (terrorists) even if they should seek to conceal their cause. For they are against God and what is good and they should be cast out, for if it is abomination understand that the devil has done wickedness in killing Abel. Now the ceromony is as a dome of a holy place that is pure, and so it is that it is a thing closer to heaven.

Now God is owner of all the Universe, and Babylon has said, you may not do His will, for they forbid His will in many ways. Now those who forbid His will are subject to His will.
Now Gomorrah combat, is it not using all manner of brutish harrassments? But it is attacking when one already does the task, it is saying be what is good or you die, for it is saying, yet it there is concern, when there is none, yet it is not safe, when there is no danger, yet you should cut your hair short, when there is no command and it is choice, and it is saying, report all, but then, not all, for it is attempting to slay with guile, to use swords made of rillet, for it is dwelling in realms of the large dragons who charge and bite, in realms of paranoia state that is paranoia and it turns this, too, to Gomorrah combat, for it says, be not paranoid or you will be arrested, and speak not strategy or you are ill. Now the city was judged worthy to be destroyed by fire.

Now Gomorrah combat, is it not using all manner of brutish harrassments? But it is attacking when one already does the task, it is saying be what is good or you die, for it is saying, yet it there is concern, when there is none, yet it is not safe, when there is no danger, yet you should cut your hair short, when there is no command and it is choice, and it is saying, report all, but then, not all, for it is attempting to slay with guile, to use swords made of rillet, for it is dwelling in realms of the large dragons who charge and bite, in realms of paranoia state that is paranoia and it turns this, too, to Gomorrah combat, for it says, be not paranoid or you will be arrested, and speak not strategy or you are ill. Now the city was judged worthy to be destroyed by fire.

Now I am not knowing what sin makes woman not daughter of Eve or Sara. Now the sin of Eve is different than the sin of Adam and yet both are the apple, or the fruit, for some have called it apple. Now the woman does such first and what if her husband is not following? But she does so on her own, by herself, that she takes the sin, and yet if she does not speak to husband who says yes or no, does she go astray to abandon him as she says to herself that she is already abandoned him, alienated from him because of what she does by herself? Now does she not say, the devil has come between me and you that I am not well? But such are words of wisdom and understanding. Now when it is another thing, than one as Cain, indeed Cain, has gone and slayn another from hate. Now an enemy is slayn or not and Cain has killed both. Now dogs desperate are praising what they are grateful for, but a wealthy man has been protected from being slayn. Now in this part that is written, a long proverb, there is no judgement from me and I do not know all. But if a woman falls by what is not offence to her husband will she run to find a way to make herself worse that she should be as dead? For her heart is saying, I run to find a way to die. Now if she is cast down from the ledge will she not return if she has not done anything of true offence against her husband? But there is much darkness below the ledge and yet her husband has not pushed her from the ledge. Now there is a husband come down to carry her up. Now an elderly man has seen the fall and promoted her with trustworthiness back to her husband. Now a wise queen has done it, one of the pillars. Now what is husband and wife to do in the prescience of an angel? But the woman loves God, and the man is the Lord’s and does the angel come to cause disarray because her husband has refused to take more wives? Now does he not risk attack for the hidden heart knows the danger if the human does not that terror can attack. Now the wife of the angel, will she not bless the woman if it is not injustice? But the husband is the Lord’s and the devil hates him. Now the angel has his own wife to concern him with concern and pondering and if the wife of the angel is with the other wife of the angel, but it is of God, and the angel is cast out from them both. Now the angel is the Lord’s and in truth not the Lord’s but the Christ’s.

Now I am not knowing what sin makes woman not daughter of Eve or Sara. Now the sin of Eve is different than the sin of Adam and yet both are the apple, or the fruit, for some have called it apple. Now the woman does such first and what if her husband is not following? But she does so on her own, by herself, that she takes the sin, and yet if she does not speak to husband who says yes or no, does she go astray to abandon him as she says to herself that she is already abandoned him, alienated from him because of what she does by herself? Now does she not say, the devil has come between me and you that I am not well? But such are words of wisdom and understanding. Now when it is another thing, than one as Cain, indeed Cain, has gone and slayn another from hate. Now an enemy is slayn or not and Cain has killed both. Now dogs desperate are praising what they are grateful for, but a wealthy man has been protected from being slayn. Now in this part that is written, a long proverb, there is no judgement from me and I do not know all.

Now I am not knowing what sin makes woman not daughter of Eve or Sara. Now the sin of Eve is different than the sin of Adam and yet both are the apple, or the fruit, for some have called it apple. Now the woman does such first and what if her husband is not following? But she does so on her own, by herself, that she takes the sin, and yet if she does not speak to husband who says yes or no, does she go astray to abandon him as she says to herself that she is already abandoned him, alienated from him because of what she does by herself? Now does she not say, the devil has come between me and you that I am not well? But such are words of wisdom and understanding. Now when it is another thing, than one as Cain, indeed Cain, has gone and slayn another from hate. Now an enemy is slayn or not and Cain has killed both. Now dogs desperate are praising what they are grateful for, but a wealthy man has been protected from being slayn. Now in this part that is written, a long proverb, there is no judgement from me and I do not know all. But if a woman falls by what is not offence to her husband will she run to find a way to make herself worse that she should be as dead? For her heart is saying, I run to find a way to die. Now if she is cast down from the ledge will she not return if she has not done anything of true offence against her husband? But there is much darkness below the ledge and yet her husband has not pushed her from the ledge. Now there is a husband come down to carry her up. Now an elderly man has seen the fall and promoted her with trustworthiness back to her husband. Now a wise queen has done it, one of the pillars. Now what is husband and wife to do in the prescience of an angel? But the woman loves God, and the man is the Lord’s and does the angel come to cause disarray because her husband has refused to take more wives? Now does he not risk attack for the hidden heart knows the danger if the human does not that terror can attack. Now the wife of the angel, will she not bless the woman if it is not injustice? But the husband is the Lord’s and the devil hates him. Now the angel has his own wife to concern him with concern and pondering and if the wife of the angel is with the other wife of the angel, but it is of God, and the angel is cast out from them both. Now the angel is the Lord’s and in truth not the Lord’s but the Christ’s.
Now I call the mountain in hell orgoth and what is it’s father except the devil, for if smoke rises from orgoth than what is the time? But if Orgoth entire must be fought than it must not be given foot on Earth, for Orgoth fought almost all the Earth entire and was sent back in most ways to the fire of hell. Now if the Island nation fought with the foot-hold of Orgoth than it is perished and come again for I do not perceive it to be given to Joshua. Now the other has squandered what they received from the table of the child and puffed up to exhault itself after being given from the table. They have exhibited the lacking of a man in their judgements on their own and said we do not need you that they isolate themselves in ignorance and stubborness for they have not delt with the mighty much and yet boast against others with mocking. For though they boast of wicked trechories they are rallying devices and evil and they are behaving with an attitude of hatred and what comes before war. Now the other land is being empty of much and it’s nothing is as if only fire that spreads with violence that the wind that gusts there guides
 it onward. Now if the one is Joshua than he has been given both areas and not the Island if he should be ready to be a Jew.
Now I call them Mohammed’s people and for men and women, it is the Muslim people. Now they are respectful and polite, and they are a thing that is pleasing, a society to take pleasure in and yet I have no words for them and no judgement, and I do not ask anything from them.
Now I eat of the tree of the knowledge of good and evil and there is no sword, for they are born having eaten of the tree I eat of.
Now I eat of the tree of the knowledge of good and evil and there is no sword, for they are born having eaten of the tree I eat of.
Now I give no ground against what rebels against God, but what is easier to say, that you are attacking because of the devil who is your lord or that if you do so for what you claim it would be pointless. But if they are saying we have right to be ignorant and so do our people than allow them to be ignorant although the truth will remain and wisdom remains. Now if they say the ignorance is of our people and what we are that permit it that they might be their people. For we are not judging more but less, because of the knowledge that we judge sin and not the one who is permitted when they do not attack us, which is attacking God. Now if any says they attack us when in truth they do not, than are they with us? But the devil is doing evil in our name? Now if their schools of learning are providing a blanket for ignorance is it not for protection that they offer this thing like a protective action? For if they are not willing they are permitted to be their own people and why will any attempt to force truth in a way that does evil? But truth heard by the evil did not go into them and they only did evil with the truth not changing from their evil. Now those who do so with great aggression to attack those who are permitted their freedoms are not Elsnon, because why would good attack good? But the Elsnon are not a simple people, not being for arragance in the idea of doing evil. For the Elsnon have the Christ and the turem have their portion with the angels, that an angel was giving the Elsnon wisdom and the turem were dwelling with the angel. Now I am wanting for God to look and be pleased as He looked upon those at the Tower of Babel and was pleased because of what they accomplished so early, at such a young age. For these are—if I might not die I will cling to the one who commands me—but these are yours, the Lord,  these being also the Christs.
Now I give no ground against what rebels against God, but what is easier to say, that you are attacking because of the devil who is your lord or that if you do so for what you claim it would be pointless. But if they are saying we have right to be ignorant and so do our people than allow them to be ignorant although the truth will remain and wisdom remains. Now if they say the ignorance is of our people and what we are that permit it that they might be their people. For we are not judging more but less, because of the knowledge that we judge sin and not the one who is permitted when they do not attack us, which is attacking God. Now if any says they attack us when in truth they do not, than are they with us? But the devil is doing evil in our name? Now if their schools of learning are providing a blanket for ignorance is it not for protection that they offer this thing like a protective action? For if they are not willing they are permitted to be their own people and why will any attempt to force truth in a way that does evil? But truth heard by the evil did not go into them and they only did evil with the truth not changing from their evil. Now those who do so with great aggression to attack those who are permitted their freedoms are not Elsnon, because why would good attack good? But the Elsnon are not a simple people, not being for arragance in the idea of doing evil. For the Elsnon have the Christ and the turem have their portion with the angels, that an angel was giving the Elsnon wisdom and the turem were dwelling with the angel. Now I am wanting for God to look and be pleased as He looked upon those at the Tower of Babel and was pleased because of what they accomplished so early, at such a young age. For these are—if I might not die I will cling to the one who commands me—but these are yours, the Lord,  these being also the Christs.
Now I give you more of Enoch’s land. Now there is the child collection that becomes many different things when they are older, and there are the seperate land that is hedged for children and they go out from that place to be seperate things and yet it is not seen or judged when they are children, for they are still in the land hedged for children. Now when they are gone out of that place the former is put away that they are what they are as it has always been so, for the inclinations are in their childhood and yet there is a dome above the land of children and guards are present even, for adults are watching. Now animals are not defenders of the place hedged for children, and they are not able to defend it, and it is a disgrace for a child to left abandoned from that place to be in the wilderness and real forest where there are animals and people, the later being Enoch’s, keepers of righteousness supremacy, who do justice upon those of darker shades when they are a darker shade and are in agreance with them in such a thing of the fair shade, who is also doing justice with them. Now they are not often going into the land of children except within themselves that all may go still and return when they wish, but they are visiting the land at times when we one of theirs is in that place and they are in the great forests of the glorious and dreadful world.
Now I had thought for a moment that Jude said something else, and I was drawn to him when I was in another place, for I said in my heart, something is wrong. Now if the letter is to the churches yet it is for me as well, and they the ungodly are without understanding and knowledge and attack when they can and exhault themselves. Now they are indeed the hidden reefs and I have believed them to be servants of Orgoth’s servant. Now they are for blaspheming beautiful people, for your concern for me can also be concern for beautiful people, but an angelic majesty? For you cannot speak about those like me here, for I am commanded by the Christ, and what is majesty? But you must mean others in such a case, as you have said, and I believe you, and are not these, the letter, the words of the Christ? Now I am stealing the letter for the churches because it is mine now, too, for I have stolen it with a covetous hand and it is in a tight grip, that I might also have it.  For your words are like that of the Christ and I will not remove what I have confessed, but have not called anything dreaming, for there was no deception, and yet I have wanted to aid your letter if I can. Now who responds to you after so much time? For you did not write to me, and yet it is for the churches, or so you have said. Now some are becoming of what they were not born, and yet it is as if they were always different and what they become, and it is so, and the mountain in Orgoth is beneath the Earth and men dwell upon the Earth. Also the flame of Belshaur is below the Earth and yet it came up and spread on the land when Orgoth came up from hell and marched upon the land. Now Orgoth will kill all Christians and the two sons not servants will do so when they have gained enough power for they have never abandoned their hatred of Christianity, but pretend to be supporters at times of Christianity. Now you are indeed of the Christ, I believe, and are you not knowing things about angels? But if they were claiming that angels are those from hell, than I imagine such was not possible if God keeps them in chains. But if they are for discord as well than let this be included, for the devil, did he not say I am wise enough for the religion to be mine and I will be the god of the religion and they will worship me? So likewise the angels joined him, some of them, and yet I do not know what he could have said to convince them? Now who steps onto a sinking ship from land and says, it is prudent? But they have claimed they do not believe from the beginning and are not worth the effort and to give them aid in their attempts is not always prudent, for they believe or do not, and why would philistines believe in the prophets of God? 
Now I had thought for a moment that Jude said something else, and I was drawn to him when I was in another place, for I said in my heart, something is wrong. Now if the letter is to the churches yet it is for me as well, and they the ungodly are without understanding and knowledge and attack when they can and exhault themselves. Now they are indeed the hidden reefs and I have believed them to be servants of Orgoth’s servant. Now they are for blaspheming beautiful people, for your concern for me can also be concern for beautiful people, but an angelic majesty? For you cannot speak about those like me here, for I am commanded by the Christ, and what is majesty? But you must mean others in such a case, as you have said, and I believe you, and are not these, the letter, the words of the Christ? Now I am stealing the letter for the churches because it is mine now, too, for I have stolen it with a covetous hand and it is in a tight grip, that I might also have it.  For your words are like that of the Christ and I will not remove what I have confessed, but have not called anything dreaming, for there was no deception, and yet I have wanted to aid your letter if I can. Now who responds to you after so much time? For you did not write to me, and yet it is for the churches, or so you have said. Now some are becoming of what they were not born, and yet it is as if they were always
 different and what they become, and it is so, and the mountain in Orgoth is beneath the Earth and men dwell upon the Earth. Also the flame of Belshaur is below the Earth and yet it came up and spread on the land when Orgoth came up from hell and marched upon the land. Now Orgoth will kill all Christians and the two sons not servants will do so when they have gained enough power for they have never abandoned their hatred of Christianity, but pretend to be supporters at times of Christianity. Now you are indeed of the Christ, I believe, and are you not knowing things about angels? But if they were claiming that angels are those from hell, than I imagine such was not possible if God keeps them in chains. But if they are for discord as well than let this be included, for the devil, did he not say I am wise enough for the religion to be mine and I will be the god of the religion and they will worship me? So likewise the angels joined him, some of them, and yet I do not know what he could have said to convince them? Now who steps onto a sinking ship from land and says, it is prudent? But they have claimed they do not believe from the beginning and are not worth the effort and to give them aid in their attempts is not always prudent, for they believe or do not, and why would philistines believe in the prophets of God? But if I am not keeping my sceptre of rule over what I am given to rule and am lowering myself to be disobeying, abandoning the ownership of the palace and what is mine, then I am given attack and rebuke from you that I am given a considerably wise rebuke as one who has demanded God’s will as a right, and such is viewed as the rebuke of a holy guard who defends, as a wise councillor who is mighty, for do you not know what a king has said, that if you do such you may not abandon at whim unless you should be counted a traitor? But let actions fullfill words if it is written in stone, and yet I am servant of the Christ and have no servant on Earth, and are you not also the Christ’s servant and yet you give me honour whether intended or not, but if the Christ is providing aid for me, than He is able. Now if your words are good you have given me your loyalty and if not you are pardoned and what you have spoken concerning angels is erased.
Now I had thought for a moment that Jude said something else, and I was drawn to him when I was in another place, for I said in my heart, something is wrong. Now if the letter is to the churches yet it is for me as well, and they the ungodly are without understanding and knowledge and attack when they can and exhault themselves. Now they are indeed the hidden reefs and I have believed them to be servants of Orgoth’s servant. Now they are for blaspheming beautiful people, for your concern for me can also be concern for beautiful people, but an angelic majesty? For you cannot speak about those like me here, for I am commanded by the Christ, and what is majesty? But you must mean others in such a case, as you have said, and I believe you, and are not these, the letter, the words of the Christ? Now I am stealing the letter for the churches because it is mine now, too, for I have stolen it with a covetous hand and it is in a tight grip, that I might also have it.  For your words are like that of the Christ and I will not remove what I have confessed, but have not called anything dreaming, for there was no deception, and yet I have wanted to aid your letter if I can. Now who responds to you after so much time? For you did not write to me, and yet it is for the churches, or so you have said. Now some are becoming of what they were not born, and yet it is as if they were always different and what they become, and it is so, and the mountain in Orgoth is beneath the Earth and men dwell upon the Earth. Also the flame of Belshaur is below the Earth and yet it came up and spread on the land when Orgoth came up from hell and marched upon the land. Now Orgoth will kill all Christians and the two sons not servants will do so when they have gained enough power for they have never abandoned their hatred of Christianity, but pretend to be supporters at times of Christianity. Now you are indeed of the Christ, I believe, and are you not knowing things about angels? But if they were claiming that angels are those from hell, than I imagine such was not possible if God keeps them in chains. But if they are for discord as well than let this be included, for the devil, did he not say I am wise enough for the religion to be mine and I will be the god of the religion and they will worship me? So likewise the angels joined him, some of them, and yet I do not know what he could have said to convince them? Now who steps onto a sinking ship from land and says, it is prudent? But they have claimed they do not believe from the beginning and are not worth the effort and to give them aid in their attempts is not always prudent, for they believe or do not, and why would philistines believe in the prophets of God? But if I am not keeping my sceptre of rule over what I am given to rule and am lowering myself to be disobeying, abandoning the ownership of the palace and what is mine, then I am given attack and rebuke from you that I am given a considerably wise rebuke as one who has demanded God’s will as a right, and such is viewed as the rebuke of a holy guard who defends, as a wise councillor who is mighty, for do you not know what a king has said, that if you do such you may not abandon at whim unless you should be counted a traitor? But let actions fullfill words if it is written in stone, and yet I am servant of the Christ and have no servant on Earth, and are you not also the Christ’s servant and yet you give me honour whether intended or not, but if the Christ is providing aid for me, than He is able. Now if your words are good you have given me your loyalty and if not you are pardoned and what you have spoken concerning angels is erased. For you have not erred in what you wrote, and you are pardoned. Now if any is using angels as an example in teaching, let them read this holy servant, and he has been pardoned, for the angel is obeying God when he is bringing the sword down upon the body of one who offends, when they have offered what is disrespect to him. Now the one who writes this is then not commiting any wrong because of his service to the Christ, for a loyal has said, is it so, that another might have opportunity to answer a matter and any discord by silence be erased. So the wrong is not, and the servant of Christ has obeyed, and yet what he does is rebuke to others in a fashion, and the Christ’s servant has been crafty in this, that he has trusted God. Now the angel is attacking one nation and he goes to another, and he will not say attack in that matter, but the Island nation he does not attack.
Now I had thought for a moment that Jude said something else, and I was drawn to him when I was in another place, for I said in my heart, something is wrong. Now if the letter is to the churches yet it is for me as well, and they the ungodly are without understanding and knowledge and attack when they can and exhault themselves. Now they are indeed the hidden reefs and I have believed them to be servants of Orgoth’s servant. Now they are for blaspheming beautiful people, for your concern for me can also be concern for beautiful people, but an angelic majesty? For you cannot speak about those like me here, for I am commanded by the Christ, and what is majesty? But you must mean others in such a case, as you have said, and I believe you, and are not these, the letter, the words of the Christ? Now I am stealing the letter for the churches because it is mine now, too, for I have stolen it with a covetous hand and it is in a tight grip, that I might also have it.  For your words are like that of the Christ and I will not remove what I have confessed, but have not called anything dreaming, for there was no deception, and yet I have wanted to aid your letter if I can. Now who responds to you after so much time? For you did not write to me, and yet it is for the churches, or so you have said. Now some are becoming of what they were not born, and yet it is as if they were always different and what they become, and it is so, and the mountain in Orgoth is beneath the Earth and men dwell upon the Earth. Also the flame of Belshaur is below the Earth and yet it came up and spread on the land when Orgoth came up from hell and marched upon the land. Now Orgoth will kill all Christians and the two sons not servants will do so when they have gained enough power for they have never abandoned their hatred of Christianity, but pretend to be supporters at times of Christianity. Now you are indeed of the Christ, I believe, and are you not knowing things about angels? But if they were claiming that angels are those from hell, than I imagine such was not possible if God keeps them in chains. But if they are for discord as well than let this be included, for the devil, did he not say I am wise enough for the religion to be mine and I will be the god of the religion and they will worship me? So likewise the angels joined him, some of them, and yet I do not know what he could have said to convince them? Now who steps onto a sinking ship from land and says, it is prudent? But they have claimed they do not believe from the beginning and are not worth the effort and to give them aid in their attempts is not always prudent, for they believe or do not, and why would philistines believe in the prophets of God? But if I am not keeping my sceptre of rule over what I am given to rule and am lowering myself to be disobeying, abandoning the ownership of the palace and what is mine, then I am given attack and rebuke from you that I am given a considerably wise rebuke as one who has demanded God’s will as a right, and such is viewed as the rebuke
 of a holy guard who defends, as a wise councillor who is mighty, for do you not know what a king has said, that if you do such you may not abandon at whim unless you should be counted a traitor? But let actions fullfill words if it is written in stone, and yet I am servant of the Christ and have no servant on Earth, and are you not also the Christ’s servant and yet you give me honour whether intended or not, but if the Christ is providing aid for me, than He is able. Now if your words are good you have given me your loyalty and if not you are pardoned and what you have spoken concerning angels is erased. For you have not erred in what you wrote, and you are pardoned. Now if any is using angels as an example in teaching, let them read this holy servant, and he has been pardoned, for the angel is obeying God when he is bringing the sword down upon the body of one who offends, when they have offered what is disrespect to him. Now the one who writes this is then not commiting any wrong because of his service to the Christ, for a loyal has said, is it so, that another might have opportunity to answer a matter and any discord by silence be erased. So the wrong is not, and the servant of Christ has obeyed, and yet what he does is rebuke to others in a fashion, and the Christ’s servant has been crafty in this, that he has trusted God. Now the angel is attacking one nation and he goes to another, and he will not say attack in that matter, but the Island nation he does not attack.
Now I had thought for a moment that Jude said something else, and I was drawn to him when I was in another place, for I said in my heart, something is wrong. Now if the letter is to the churches yet it is for me as well, and they the ungodly are without understanding and knowledge and attack when they can and exhault themselves. Now they are indeed the hidden reefs and I have believed them to be servants of Orgoth’s servant. Now they are for blaspheming beautiful people, for your concern for me can also be concern for beautiful people, but an angelic majesty? For you cannot speak about those like me here, for I am commanded by the Christ, and what is majesty? But you must mean others in such a case, as you have said, and I believe you, and are not these, the letter, the words of the Christ? Now I am stealing the letter for the churches because it is mine now, too, for I have stolen it with a covetous hand and it is in a tight grip, that I might also have it.  For your words are like that of the Christ and I will not remove what I have confessed, but have not called anything dreaming, for there was no deception, and yet I have wanted to aid your letter if I can. Now who responds to you after so much time? For you did not write to me, and yet it is for the churches, or so you have said. Now some are becoming of what they were not born, and yet it is as if they were always different and what they become, and it is so, and the mountain in Orgoth is beneath the Earth and men dwell upon the Earth. Also the flame of Belshaur is below the Earth and yet it came up and spread on the land when Orgoth came up from hell and marched upon the land. Now Orgoth will kill all Christians and the two sons not servants will do so when they have gained enough power for they have never abandoned their hatred of Christianity, but pretend to be supporters at times of Christianity. Now you are indeed of the Christ, I believe, and are you not knowing things about angels? But if they were claiming that angels are those from hell, than I imagine such was not possible if God keeps them in chains. But if they are for discord as well than let this be included, for the devil, did he not say I am wise enough for the religion to be mine and I will be the god of the religion and they will worship me? So likewise the angels joined him, some of them, and yet I do not know what he could have said to convince them? Now who steps onto a sinking ship from land and says, it is prudent? But they have claimed they do not believe from the beginning and are not worth the effort and to give them aid in their attempts is not always prudent, for they believe or do not, and why would philistines believe in the prophets of God? But if I am not keeping my sceptre of rule over what I am given to rule and am lowering myself to be disobeying, abandoning the ownership of the palace and what is mine, then I am given attack and rebuke from you that I am given a considerably wise rebuke as one who has demanded God’s will as a right, and such is viewed as the rebuke of a holy guard who defends, as a wise councillor who is mighty, for do you not know what a king has said, that if you do such you may not abandon at whim unless you should be counted a traitor? But let actions fullfill words if it is written in stone, and yet I am servant of the Christ and have no servant on Earth, and are you not also the Christ’s servant and yet you give me honour whether intended or not, but if the Christ is providing aid for me, than He is able. Now if your words are good you have given me your loyalty and if not you are pardoned and what you have spoken concerning angels is erased.
Now I have given Alexander the Great an amount of silver that a statue of silver appears in Ijeshil: wings and body and feet and legs and sandals and sword held up towards the sky and as if falling away and head and helmet upturned to sky as if taken and slayn up towards heaven and face and comportment as if innocent. 
Now I have known that the feline’s eyes become illuminated at times and not at others, for Babel knows of it, and this is of a cat’s eyes, and whether luminous to curtains of fire as if square pillars by light nearby or not is not concerning me for I am not attributing signs to miracles, and as for those lacking intelligence, they even mix religion with atheism and then ramble on, for these are not worth discussing anything with, and why would any? But they are like those who are dieing on a vine and do not wish it, for why would I look for miracles when I look for signs when God is able to control the speck and the forest alike? Now as mentioned, God is able to direct people, and the devil is able. Now why work for the devil who takes to hell, when God offers paradise and eternal life because of His son? But I am not knowing what it means, but it must be for another, and if it is for another, than I am not able to say. Now the female cat will not let me pick her up in the precense of a woman, for she is not a fool, and she is not letting me touch her in the precense of a woman, and she will go to women, and the skunk is not spraying for I do not give it sense of threat, and this creature is hated, and yet it is a peaceful creature. Now the bird is speaking often and the cat preys upon it, and the mouse is scurrying about in hiding and the cat kills it, for it does not play with what it catches, but what will not be injured enough and will not be killed by such, should not be killed or eaten for it is not the cat’s prey, because the cat tests. Now if any animal kills because of opportunity, killing what is not its prey, than indeed it would be transgressing. Now even the ants, when one of theirs is sick, carry the ant elsewhere that it might be seperate from the empire, but what is for attacking the sick because they are sick when it is of their own species? Now I would think there is nothing in nature that is below the bottom of the ocean, below the line of reason.
Now I have looked at the battle that can be fought to consider the Elsnon and know that though we are very capable, and yet by time we will begin to disperse and diminish without the Christ, the son of God, and that to be without Him and his special protection is to eventually be falling away. Now if any becomes dead, as if a desert that is like dead, than the Christ also was made this way prior to His death, that He was being slayn, and He was. Now God is not a fool and to the one who has been poisoned you know that God is not a fool unable to judge and know what this thing is. For if any feigns lack of caring it is only because they are with anger and hated. But the ugly are for hell, and they are a disease upon the Earth, while you are a light. Do you not know because they are a desease that they will be jelous and with hatred. But if any of them should wish to meddle as if they were of the Elsnon it is from anger and hatred that the would be as if one of you, and if they do so much than the anger and hatred must be even greater than what they do.
Now I have produced a test whether I will be grateful to the soldiers that I would wish for God to take a portion of my blessing that was for me, and give it to the soldiers, or if I should be continuing without much gratitude except for that which is their duty by which they mantain the sword, that if one breaks free of the group and barrels over one point they cannot pass in truth, being truth as a guard, and they barrel past another, and yet another, and they are able to get through to confront me with anything, than the soldiers will have no cause to boast about protecting me, for there could be other rogue waiting and when one has gotten past the others carry out their mission that a small group of enemies might come with speed and stealth, and can the soldiers of the nation do a thing and do they have the power to prevent it? Now the soldiers of the nation are loyal to God by loyalty to the people, and even if they were inclined, they must not provide loyalty to me, for at present such would betray God and I am servant of the Christ.
Now I have remembered her but is she dead or alive and yet if she is alive I know that I am with others as well, that if they will not soon who are not known to me give me what is right for them I am to accuse them, and let the Christ judge if it is right. Now what revenge will He do
 that all is not fulfilled by them? For the servant is worthy of his wage and I speak it only a little prematurely. But the Christ is the Lord and  as they are lacking so they have not given that who of them is worthy of this that I might give them a portion of my blessing to be copied unto them? But know that if they cast away the blessing it is their own doing and what work God might do I do not know. For I petition the Christ who gives me and them much liberty, that the poverty of the devil might not be accomplished. For I know if they are rich in what is Babylon’s than they are poor and miserable, like the one who is done hard to, that I am with compassion because I have known of error myself. Now David’s son, I know, was not of Babylon, and it is not often that such are being given such things as God gave, that the devil not lead you away with the misunderstanding. But as for what is not meeting when one is past so is there poverty, being lacking, with others, that Babylon too is stealing away and encroaching upon the kingdom of heaven.
Now I have remembered her but is she dead or alive and yet if she is alive I know that I am with others that if they will not soon who are not known to me give me what is right for them I am to accuse them, and let the Christ judge if it is right. Now what revenge will He do that all is not fulfilled by them? For the servant is worthy of his wage and I speak it only a little prematurely. But the Christ is the Lord and  as they are lacking so they have not given, that who of them is worthy of this, that I might give them a portion of my blessing to be copied unto them? But know that if they cast away the blessing it is their own doing and what work God might do I do not know. For I petition the Christ who gives me and them much liberty, that the poverty of the devil might not be accomplished. For I know if they are rich in what is Babylon’s than they are poor and miserable, like the one who is done hard to, that I am with compassion because I have known of error myself. Now David’s son, I know, was not of Babylon, and it is not often that such are being given such things as God gave, that the devil not lead you away with the misunderstanding. But as for what is not meeting when one is past so is there poverty, being lacking, with others, that Babylon too is stealing away and encroaching upon the kingdom of heaven. But let Babylon fail to understand and rejoice that there might be excuse to do evil to them when it is for them to have hope and expect good. For the angel is commanded by the Christ and his enemies, I have heard, are to be his foot-stool. 
Now I have seen Babylonian men blocking and against morally the son of the Lord’s kingdom having the woman who they plan to convert to Babylon, that they are disapproving morally, for there is contention and war on Earth in Mala, and Babylon has declared war and is among you. Now Babylonian soldiers, even the operatives, are stubborn, for their strength is not righteousness but stubborness, and they are not cowards, for they often hold their post to the last, for their stubborness holds them, that they are strong and do not fear, or fear God, for their respect is for the devil to whom they pledge strong loyalty. For they respect and honour the devil and their heart is not treacherous against him. All around they find cause to hate, being among God’s people so that their loyalty is made stronger.
Now I have seen Babylonian men blocking and against morally the son of the Lord’s kingdom having the woman who they plan to convert to Babylon, that they are disapproving morally, for there is contention and war on Earth in Mala, and Babylon has declared war and is among you. Now Babylonian soldiers, even the operatives, are stubborn, for their strength is not righteousness but stubborness, and they are not cowards, for they often hold their post to the last, for their stubborness holds them, that they are strong and do not fear, or fear God, for their respect is for the devil to whom they pledge strong loyalty. For they respect and honour the devil and their heart is not treacherous against him. All around they find cause to hate, being among God’s people so that their loyalty is made stronger.
Now I have written of things not to be seen or perceived by men on Earth, for the things are below and not existing high enough so that some things must be perceived as higher because men are not to see these things, and these things are the business and happenings of hell and what is theirs that they are the things of their house and not for men, for there is no thing lower that Orgoth’s servant, and no thing higher than above the trees where none wish to live and higher and they cannot go for there is no air to breath for them higher. Now men reside on land and above ur, and angels in the heavens above the sky and beyond the moon where there are stars and these are the close stars and the mourning star is visible and making itself close. 
Now I have written of things not to be seen or perceived by men on Earth, for the things are below and not existing high enough so that some things must be perceived as higher because men are not to see these things, and these things are the business and happenings of hell and what is theirs that they are the things of their house and not for men, for there is no thing lower that Orgoth’s servant, and no thing higher than above the trees where none wish to live and higher and they cannot go for there is no air to breath for them higher. Now men reside on land and above ur, and angels in the heavens above the sky and beyond the moon where there are stars and these are the close stars and the mourning star is visible and making itself close. 
Now I inquire of the people, for does the complaint come about Sodom that I might venture there, or from another place? But is it so that the devil has prepared his soldiers with lies and foolish conditioning like people who would slaves, like disposable soldiers, and not those of great worth, the warriors of the king or queen? But has the devil conditioned them without thinking with lies that they might have ignorance to fight God, concealing with tact every attack they should carry out against God’s people, that anti-Christ’s have conditioned them, those who loathe God, and believe they can win against Him, for some of the devil’s soldiers he has kept blind to be more effective and some are well knowing and knowing well that they are at war with God, that the devil communicates with the hearts of them who would go to war against God and are blind and more ability is for those who are knowingly with him. Now the Christ was removing blindness but still those not made to see could not see and the angel is for giving wisdom but if any disagrees that allow them their freedom to be ignorant. For God is favouring that you not do the work of the devil against His strategies and in His name, that you have been clearly commanded and you know that He is the Lord so that you not be counted like an attacking traitor. But how can one of great liberties be judging any in this thing? But let the Christ decide for me that I not attempt to decide for you because I am not your judge in anything, but a servant of the Christ, the angel tenderly loved. Now think I could not betray you? But I am not the one who saves you, that you not lean on the angel when the Christ is Him you should lean on. But if you are for worshiping me than I am for abandoning you, because it is hideous foolishness, despicable and unknowledgable. But if you are not like Abraham who hurried to prepare a meal and welcomed the messengers in the haste know that I have the Christ and I am not taking for granted the good of men who provide and lend aid. But if you would worship an angel go pick yourself up and throw yourself down like a fool before the air and wind for the lack of knowledge it represents.
Now I will not be Luke-warm and call it rebellion, and it is necessary for the word is not accurate to know, that what comes from them is not evil, for it is not profanity. Now if there is what they call ‘a little amount a piece of refuse’ than I do not say so in the Luke-warm way, which is worse and as if perverse and disgusting, but am unable to avoid for the sake of what I do, that I give the word Hickney for what is a little wicked, that there are those hickney in a way that does not exceed into anything for contention and yet they are hickney consistently that they speak to others when it would be wrong and keep silent when it would make sense, that they will not be at the good level with any, for they will not be good to be hot or cold for one day that they are in one of the levels of Luke-warm and are being pernicious that the good might become a little miserable without knowing the reason, and yet it can be known, for the misery is not heavy but remains within. Now these hickney do not be good for one day of their life and they do not be rebellious and they remain below the level for any contention, and yet they cover themselves in a thin curtain of dross that is almost not there. Now better is the one cursing God and rebellious who says I will not pray, if they are asked.
Now I will not be Luke-warm and call it rebellion, and it is necessary for the word is not accurate to know, that what comes from them is not evil, for it is not profanity. Now if there is what they call ‘a little amount a piece of refuse’ than I do not say so in the Luke-warm way, which is worse and as if perverse and disgusting, but am unable to avoid for the sake of what I do, that I give the word Hickney for what is a little wicked, that there are those hickney in a way that does not exceed into anything for contention and yet they are hickney consistently that they speak to others when it would be wrong and keep silent when it would make sense,
 that they will not be at the good level with any, for they will not be good to be hot or cold for one day that they are in one of the levels of Luke-warm and are being pernicious that the good might become a little miserable without knowing the reason, and yet it can be known, for the misery is not heavy but remains within. Now these hickney do not be good for one day of their life and they do not be rebellious and they remain below the level for any contention, and yet they cover themselves in a thin curtain of dross that is almost not there. Now better is the one cursing God and rebellious who says I will not pray, if they are asked.
Now I would have you take it for granted that the people of the devil are engaged in spiritual warfare and this is expected as you know that this Earth is spiritual, with spiritual people, and that the devil is at war against God always.
Now I would like to establish villages of prophets for when such is done the core is established, for the core of God’s nation is the prophets but an uncircumcised nation is a tangle of Babylon.
Now I would not want any to be deceived. But can you sell one thing for another with the devil and he will not take both sometimes? But would you sell your inheritance for money and money, too, you will not have. Now if it is benificial for repentance do you think that it must have been God who took money from you that you might repent? But do not be as the outrageous who are believing in the devil that if you are more evil he will give you more money and material gain. But would he give the kingdoms of the Earth or go back on the commitment. Now you reason that he is honest in what he offers? But the kingdoms of Earth are worthless and the kingdoms, do they belong to the devil? But envy and hatred is having what substance it does, and what is with God, is it not better? Now do you believe that David’s heir is a cult unto money? Do you think that Joab is an enemy to him? But if any has given you poison by any means than does God not judge this thing? But if you are knowing that He is real than you are believing in that which has power in the Universe, and if you are for Him to act with what you say in a moment do you not know that if they send some they will have to be consumed twice? But if God has power and he defended Elijah than is He not for defending you, who are of great worth to Him? But if any on Earth should laugh or mock do they not know the battle does not come in ways they can perceive it as if it should be in the air and on land that if they believe they are powerful in this way even against God than they would know they do not perceive in ways they can understand, so that they would remember Him, that they, too, must be saved by His son.
Now I would not want any to be deceived. But can you sell one thing for another with the devil and he will not take both sometimes? But would you sell your inheritance for money and money, too, you will not have. Now if it is benificial for repentance do you think that it must have been God who took money from you that you might repent? But do not be as the outrageous who are believing in the devil that if you are more evil he will give you more money and material gain. But would he give the kingdoms of the Earth or go back on the commitment. Now you reason that he is honest in what he offers? But the kingdoms of Earth are worthless and the kingdoms, do they belong to the devil? But envy and hatred is having what substance it does, and what is with God, is it not better? Now do you believe that David’s heir is a cult unto money? Do you think that Joab is an enemy to him? But if any has given you poison by any means than does God not judge this thing? But if you are knowing that He is real than you are believing in that which has power in the Universe, and if you are for Him to act with what you say in a moment do you not know that if they send some they will have to be consumed twice? But if God has power and he defended Elijah than is He not for defending you, who are of great worth to Him? But if any on Earth should laugh or mock do they not know the battle does not come in ways they can perceive it as if it should be in the air and on land that if they believe they are powerful in this way even against God than they would know they do not perceive in ways they can understand, so that they would remember Him, that they, too, must be saved by His son.
Now Ijeshil is white with an ornate and yet strong gate and the gate is silver and strong and there is more silver than gold but not much gold and not much silver by the standard of what could be. Now there is abundance and yet it is not of great riches, and yet it is, and there are many scrolls in it. Now if light is sent out that give them, the Lord’s people, power and also attacks the devil’s than silver only is sent to Joshua is a good token. Now if Lucifer has fought philistines, he did not perceive whether they were for David or him to fight. 
Now Isaac brought much riches to his father that his father was given a test that the angel was given, and yet Abraham was obeying but did not have to sacrifice his son, and the angel gave him the wisdom, that the Lord gave him, for at such a level was Abraham, for neither was the angel insane.
Now Israel is a pillar of the house of the Earth that the house not fall, for why will you hate an allie who is a Jew, for they are having much burden to remain the pillar, that they are having more suffering and they are having challenge, and they are called to an obedience to God.
Now I’m watching it is noted that the devil can instruct his servants as God can instruct servants to do that which is obedience, and when the grain is weighed it is not grain and is cast into another barrel.
Now Lucifer even sent out power to destroy soldiers and evil beasts of the devil with one foot on the Earth and it was sent out like a wave of truth and light to destroy many of those things of the devil’s so that the holy ones might rejoice and yet the victory was not accomplished for the dust of the devil’s gathered that the devil might after a time reshape the dust into new creatures and would some of them be worse than what had been. But it could not happen quickly and yet the war seemed as if it would continue and yet it is still good Lucifer thought. Now this was not comparible to what God’s son had done in defeating, giving power, and amassing an army and the many other things God’s son had done. For He even provided the conduit to Heaven and life on Earth. Now Lucifer said, I will not cast away all that I cannot which is not in my power and my understanding does not go far enough to know if it would be right, and yet if those who would please Him would have one tongue in common to provide them with good than I will know which tongue it should be that the tower will come forth. 
Now Lucifer perceived that they had allowed lack of purity for strength and defence and the blocks and stones and confused guards, and all the things of defence that belonged to the devil were seized back under his control that they might turn against the holy ones, the children of light. Now he reasoned that they might have been better off to only take soldiers to war and those truly trained and truly loyal that they might have been more effective and built up a domain of peace so that better allies might be had. For they had allowed spies of dangerous zeolots in to their midst and allowed evils of their teachings to take hold, and they had carried out mistranslations to sow discord in the kingdom and attack God that His people might be partially deceived and scattered. Now truth was to be sent out and they might seek to hault it, he thought, and can I make it successful? But I fear God, and I too must place trust in Him. Now I am then councilling purity as the effective general would only take holy ones. For will a Babylonian aid in this thing? But the Christ has stolen what they gather to my delight. Now if a Babylonian they will gather to and it is to be given to the Christ than I have thought one not a Babylonian will do better and gather more, for I was around the lack of abundance of the Babylonians in my youth. Now if Babylon has a king than is he favourable, or if it has a queen is she to be trampled if she would fight with us? But Babylon is changing hands and the two factions are changing and these two are filled up with the good and bad and yet they are not, either, being a direct cult for anything. Now if Babylon has toppled churches, and it has, than I would perceive that it would do more, and that the church must then be more innocent than imagined by some, for I have considered that the saints are like an able group to thunder over evil in defence of what is good. Now they are slaying those who do not commit crimes and by the use of war-fare in the hands of zeolots who are a group of serial killers, and are an army of Cain and they are belonging to the devil. Now these would place discord between the church and some of its people and attempt to drive many away. For they cause many to sin for Babylon and it is the work of anti-Christs as zeolots.
Now Lucifer perceived that they had allowed lack of purity for strength and defence and the blocks and stones and confused guards, and all the things of defence that belonged to the devil were seized back under his control that they might turn against the holy ones, the children of light. Now he reasoned that they might have been better off to only take soldiers to war and those truly trained and truly loyal that they might have been more effective and built up a domain of peace so that better allies might be had. For they had allowed spies of dangerous zeolots in to their midst and allowed evils of their teachings to take hold, and they had carried out mistranslations to sow discord in the kingdom and
 attack God that His people might be partially deceived and scattered. Now truth was to be sent out and they might seek to hault it, he thought, and can I make it successful? But I fear God, and I too must place trust in Him. Now I am then councilling purity as the effective general would only take holy ones for the mission. For will a Babylonian aid in this thing? But the Christ has stolen what they gather to my delight. Now if a Babylonian will gather too and it is to be given to the Christ than I have thought one not a Babylonian will do better and gather more, for I was around the lack of abundance of the Babylonians in my youth, and have understood their attitude towards the foolishness of Christ. Now if Babylon has a king than is he favourable, or if it has a queen is she to be trampled if she would fight with us? But Babylon is changing hands and the two factions are changing and these two are filled up with the good and bad and yet they are not, either, being a direct cult for anything, for they are large marks drawn on a map, and myriad things are found in both. Now if Babylon has toppled churches, and it has, than I would perceive that it would do more, and that the church must then be more innocent than imagined by some, for I have considered that the saints are like an able group to thunder over evil in defence of what is good. Now they are slaying those who do not commit crimes and by the use of war-fare in the hands of zeolots who are a group of serial killers, and are an army of Cain and they are belonging to the devil. Now these would place discord between the church and some of its people and attempt to drive many away. For they cause many to sin for Babylon and it is the work of anti-Christs as zeolots who want it having chosen puritanicalism rather than the rewards of God that the works of God might be thrown back with some and the sun rising to be blotted out by grey clouds and barren cold where wind comes with a bitter freezing and agony takes over the land, as is much like the consequences of Babylon in many things and those who would abuse themselves with what causes an injured spirit. Now if the Christ, my commander, is healing and it is possible than still efforts to gain victories are hindered by corrupted hearts that are treacherous towards God and the saints, because the saints are sometimes more obedient to God than the Shepard who lead them, knowing the true shepard’s voice, for it is hard to steal the sheep away from the true Shepard. Now some have been hardened by conflict and it heals and becomes well, having been the work at times of those who would be against God in some thing, being zeolots who have support, that some are freshly come to make trouble with the old who make trouble, that Christians and Jews who have been hardened are having God and not much support from their nation so that one becomes great and the devil is descending. For they have even attempted to say we do not do anything to Christians and only Jews and they have said to Jews nothing, or spoken other lies to them, and they have portrayed they will leave off one and then attack the other later, and those naive to such prudence are believing in what was prepared in them, for the enemies have attacked from within the walls of nations while others amassed outside the walls for war. Now if a nation is over-run in this way than Babylon only grows stronger and persecutions more frequent when they are not able to keep their targets apart. For the papers do not report the persecution of Christians that others might be abolished at a later time, being easier to attack. But if some are hating God they will not know because the simple are not to survive nor those incapable of integrity and loyalty, though those who have it are targeted first. Now if they will take over much of the planet during a plague than does the ship only sink slowly having passed the last line of return? But this I cannot perceive and if it were so I would need more knowledge and who can say if the tide of a war will change suddenly, only disloyal hearts are scattering the people who would keep together and fight. Now let a mark be painted over the door of the church entire if it is so, because death is turning in on itself and if the Jews and Christians will survive when they have self-destructed than a time of peace might be possible.
Now Lucifer perceived that they had allowed lack of purity for strength and defence and the blocks and stones and confused guards, and all the things of defence that belonged to the devil were seized back under his control that they might turn against the holy ones, the children of light. Now he reasoned that they might have been better off to only take soldiers to war and those truly trained and truly loyal that they might have been more effective and built up a domain of peace so that better allies might be had. For they had allowed spies of dangerous zeolots in to their midst and allowed evils of their teachings to take hold, and they had carried out mistranslations to sow discord in the kingdom and attack God that His people might be partially deceived and scattered. Now truth was to be sent out and they might seek to hault it, he thought, and can I make it successful? But I fear God, and I too must place trust in Him. Now I am then councilling purity as the effective general would only take holy ones for the mission. For will a Babylonian aid in this thing? But the Christ has stolen what they gather to my delight. Now if a Babylonian will gather too and it is to be given to the Christ than I have thought one not a Babylonian will do better and gather more, for I was around the lack of abundance of the Babylonians in my youth, and have understood their attitude towards the foolishness of Christ. Now if Babylon has a king than is he favourable, or if it has a queen is she to be trampled if she would fight with us? But Babylon is changing hands and the two factions are changing and these two are filled up with the good and bad and yet they are not, either, being a direct cult for anything, for they are large marks drawn on a map, and myriad things are found in both. Now if Babylon has toppled churches, and it has, than I would perceive that it would do more, and that the church must then be more innocent than imagined by some, for I have considered that the saints are like an able group to thunder over evil in defence of what is good. Now they are slaying those who do not commit crimes and by the use of war-fare in the hands of zeolots who are a group of serial killers, and are an army of Cain and they are belonging to the devil. Now these would place discord between the church and some of its people and attempt to drive many away. For they cause many to sin for Babylon and it is the work of anti-Christs as zeolots who want it having chosen puritanicalism rather than the rewards of God that the works of God might be thrown back with some and the sun rising to be blotted out by grey clouds and barren cold where wind comes with a bitter freezing and agony takes over the land, as is much like the consequences of Babylon in many things and those who would abuse themselves with what causes an injured spirit. Now if the Christ, my commander, is healing and it is possible than still efforts to gain victories are hindered by corrupted hearts that are treacherous towards God and the saints, because the saints are sometimes more obedient to God than the Shepard who lead them, knowing the true shepard’s voice, for it is hard to steal the sheep away from the true Shepard. Now some have been hardened by conflict and it heals and becomes well, having been the work at times of those who would be against God in some thing, being zeolots who have support, that some are freshly come to make trouble with the old who make trouble, that Christians and Jews who have been hardened are having God and not much support from their nation so that one becomes great and the devil is descending. For they have even attempted to say we do not do anything to Christians and only Jews and they have said to Jews nothing, or spoken other lies to them, and they have portrayed they will leave off one and then attack the other later, and those naive to such prudence are believing in what was prepared in them, for the enemies have attacked from within the walls of nations while others amassed outside the walls for war. Now if a nation is over-run in this way than Babylon only grows stronger and persecutions more frequent when they are not able to keep their targets apart. For the papers do not report the persecution of Christians that others might be abolished at a later time, being easier to attack. But if some are hating God they will not know because the simple are not to survive nor those incapable of integrity and loyalty, though those who have it are targeted first. Now if they will take over much of the planet during a plague than does the ship only sink slowly having passed the last line of return? But this I cannot perceive and if it were so I would need more knowledge and who can say if the tide of a war will change suddenly, only disloyal hearts are scattering the people who would keep together and fight. Now let a mark be painted over the door of the church entire if it is so, because death is turning in on itself and if the Jews and Christians will survive when they have self-destructed than a time of peace might be possible.
Now Lucifer perceived that they had allowed lack of purity for strength and defence and the blocks and stones and confused guards, and all the things of defence that belonged to the devil were seized back under his control that they might turn against the holy ones, the children of light. Now he reasoned that they might have been better off to only take soldiers to war and those truly trained and truly loyal that they
 might have been more effective and built up a domain of peace so that better allies might be had. For they had allowed spies of dangerous zeolots in to their midst and allowed evils of their teachings to take hold, and they had carried out mistranslations to sow discord in the kingdom and attack God that His people might be partially deceived and scattered. Now truth was to be sent out and they might seek to hault it, he thought, and can I make it successful? But I fear God, and I too must place trust in Him. Now I am then councilling purity as the effective general would only take holy ones. For will a Babylonian aid in this thing? But the Christ has stolen what they gather to my delight. Now if a Babylonian they will gather to and it is to be given to the Christ than I have thought one not a Babylonian will do better and gather more, for I was around the lack of abundance of the Babylonians in my youth.
Now Nimrod is sending out his nimrods to molest and harrass those from hell who are soldiers and to molest and harrass animals with foolishness, that nimrods cure and speak conscience and know better in their ignorance of foolish training than 10 people who can render a reason. Now they are confident to commit all manner of ignorance to rebuke and teaching that they are the more unbearable thing than even torture for soldiers of hell who are knowing what they are and prepared to die and to endure torture if they must. Now the Nimrods of Nimrod roam as ignorant fools of disbelief in truth and common sense, for there is heaven and hell and they know of neither. Now they meddle with ignorant tongues and test the patience of men and women who are prepared to die as soldiers that they are the reminder of the foolishness of the age and the burden of foolishness among the Earth. Now soldiers they harass of all types and the people must keep them as a grievous burden.
Now Nimrod is sending out his nimrods to molest and harrass those from hell who are soldiers and to molest and harrass animals with foolishness, that nimrods cure and speak conscience and know better in their ignorance of foolish training than 10 people who can render a reason. Now they are confident to commit all manner of ignorance to rebuke and teaching that they are the more unbearable thing than even torture for soldiers of hell who are knowing what they are and prepared to die and to endure torture if they must. Now the Nimrods of Nimrod roam as ignorant fools of disbelief in truth and common sense, for there is heaven and hell and they know of neither. Now they meddle with ignorant tongues and test the patience of men and women who are prepared to die as soldiers that they are the reminder of the foolishness of the age and the burden of foolishness among the Earth. Now soldiers they harass of all types and the people must keep them as a grievous burden.
Now Noah’s sons are not shades of the people, for the Enoch are not these. But where there are shades matching is there not evidence of the Elsnon? Now where shades are not matching is there not evidence of the Enoch? Now where shades are not matching is there not evidence of what is beneath the land? But place no such thing you might invent to inhibit God’s will against any man, for why should you attack with a weapon? But the one claiming supremacy to another when there is contention is attacking with a weapon and if no weapon was used towards them, is it not an evil thing? But weapons are not used for wrestling among friends, but they are used for battle.
Now Noah’s sons are, even when wrong and doing wrong, for truth, and the truth is missing from Orgoth.
Now Noah’s sons are, even when wrong and doing wrong, for truth, and the truth is missing from Orgoth.
Now Orgoth has hated me and they do not much waste their time with casting away moral hinderences anymore that serve as facades for recruitment, for their loyalty is almost openly commited to the devil, yet they keep coverings upon them that they not acknowledge all truth. For morality is bypassed without need for corruptions and perversions among them, but not existing for them is cast away and often not entering, for they know the war and their side. Now if Orgoth has servants and Earth and there are many, than the angel is sent to be among humans in the same manner as Elijah and the Christ, in order to fullfill that it not be granted as title and position only by birth, and such is a great God who has considered people in this way to correct them and be their father, for He is not acting aloof in this fashion to abandon them.
Now Orgoth has hated me and they do not much waste their time with casting away moral hinderences anymore that serve as facades for recruitment, for their loyalty is almost openly commited to the devil, yet they keep coverings upon them that they not acknowledge all truth. For morality is bypassed without need for corruptions and perversions among them, but not existing for them is cast away and often not entering, for they know the war and their side. Now if Orgoth has servants and Earth and there are many, than the angel is sent to be among humans in the same manner as Elijah and the Christ, in order to fullfill that it not be granted as title and position only by birth, and such is a great God who has considered people in this way to correct them and be their father, for He is not acting aloof in this fashion to abandon them.
Now Orgoth’s highest son may tend to animals in their governance from Orgoth, that they are not right to extend their domain to people for they have stumbled and commited error, and the foolishness was a Great War and they sought to kill all of Israel that was the remaining tribes who were not scattered, for the war was great and evil. Now the sick animals attacking, goring, inflated with ignorance and goring, these are theirs to deal with and the animals minding their own business within reason are not theirs. Now no sickness or problem a person might have is any of their concern, for Babel invents sickness that is not, and Babylon is against Enochs and all good lands, and Babel has invented sickness not even known during the Great War, for their foolishness did not include what they themselves had. Now animals are being insolent and quoting the war wrongly, and against people not sick according to the war’s standard, and yet the highest son of Orgoth is given authority only concerning sick animals who are dangerous to people.

Now Orgoth’s highest son may tend to animals in their governance from Orgoth, that they are not right to extend their domain to people for they have stumbled and commited error, and the foolishness was a Great War and they sought to kill all of Israel that was the remaining tribes who were not scattered, for the war was great and evil. Now the sick animals attacking, goring, inflated with ignorance and goring, these are theirs to deal with and the animals minding their own business within reason are not theirs. Now no sickness or problem a person might have is any of their concern, for Babel invents sickness that is not, and Babylon is against Enochs and all good lands, and Babel has invented sickness not even known during the Great War, for their foolishness did not include what they themselves had. Now animals are being insolent and quoting the war wrongly, and against people not sick according to the war’s standard, and yet the highest son of Orgoth is given authority only concerning sick animals who are dangerous to people. Now Babel is not even deciding what is sickness for people when there is disagreance, for there are animals in Babel, and Babylon has attacked with what has come from animals in Babel, to attack all religions and people, and it is enabling war upon God’s people, and upon all religions. Now some animals have joined Orgoth’s highest son which is natural for them when they are able, that mostly dogs have joined him, and foolishness is continued from the great folly which was fought with the Great War. Now why has Orgoth’s highest son continued to exceed his domain to attack people? But as he exceeded prior the animals now exceed. Now those who cannot know slander when it is clear are in the lake of fire which is beneath Orgoth’s servant, and yet animals blaspheme people with claims they are sick animals for they are animals being sick, for projection is with animals. Now the servants of Orgoth’s highest son are calamitous so far because of lack of knowledge, and yet it must be, for Orgoth’s highest son is claiming a large domain not his and yet there must be peace in these matters and territories must be respected. Now if the sons of Orgoth hate the angel then it is expected, and this is right, for the devil should be overthrown entirely.

Now Orgoth’s highest son may tend to animals in their governance from Orgoth, that they are not right to extend their domain to people for they have stumbled and commited error, and the foolishness was a Great War and they sought to kill all of Israel that was the remaining tribes who were not scattered, for the war was great and evil. Now the sick animals attacking, goring, inflated with ignorance and goring, these are theirs to deal with and the animals minding their own business within reason are not theirs. Now no sickness or problem a person might have is any of their concern, for Babel invents sickness that is not, and Babylon is against Enochs and all good lands, and Babel has invented sickness not even known during the Great War, for their foolishness did not include what they themselves had. Now animals are being insolent and quoting the war wrongly, and against people not sick according to the war’s standard, and yet the highest son of Orgoth is given authority only concerning sick animals who are dangerous to people. Now Babel is not even deciding what is sickness for people when there is disagreance, for there are animals in Babel, and Babylon has attacked with what has come from animals in Babel, to attack all religions and people, and it is enabling war upon God’s people, and upon all religions. Now some animals have joined Orgoth’s highest son which is natural for them when they are able, that mostly dogs have joined him, and foolishness is continued from the great folly which was fought with the Great War. Now why has Orgoth’s highest son continued to exceed his domain to attack people? But as he exceeded prior the animals now exceed. Now those who cannot know slander when it is clear are in the lake of fire which is beneath Orgoth’s servant, and yet animals blaspheme people with claims they are sick animals for they are animals being sick, for projection is against animals.

Now Orgoth’s highest son may tend to animals in their governance from Orgoth, that they are not right to extend their domain to people for they have stumbled and commited error, and the foolishness was a Great War and they sought to kill all of Israel that was the remaining tribes who were not scattered, for the war was great and evil. Now the sick animals attacking, goring, inflated with ignorance and goring, these are theirs to deal with and the animals minding their own business within reason are not theirs. Now no sickness or problem a person might have is any of their concern, for Babel invents sickness that is not, and Babylon is against Enochs and all good lands, and Babel has invented sickness not even known during the Great War, for their foolishness did not include what they themselves had. Now animals are being insolent and quoting the war wrongly, and against people not sick according to the war’s standard, and yet the highest son of Orgoth is given authority only concerning sick animals who are dangerous to people.

Now Orgoth’s middle son has sown discord between religions and between spiritual people and yet Christianity has been corrupted for Babylon much and discord from Orgoth causes disarray.

Now Orgoth’s servant is hating most of those meant to be slave owners, for his servants can sense it in their hearts, for animals are drawn to them because of the labour and servitude they are bound to.

Now Orgoth’s servant is hating most of those meant to be slave owners, for his servants can sense it in their hearts, for animals are drawn to them because of the labour and servitude they are bound to.

Now Saul’s house is not David’s and do the sons and daughters of his house prefer one angel or any of the house of David? Now will a Jew of the lost tribes attain more if they are with the lost tribes? But one deals with something directly and another goes away and obeys, and both are obeying. 

Now Sodom combat is a stone out of joint, a desecration, even a logical incoherence, perversities all and sexual perversities, words for roles that are offensive and unjust, acting as if another thing entire were the case, wrong displays of family where there is no family member, charges against a man towards a man with the great longing to be raped, hatred and perverse honesty that is dishonest and with wickedness, insolent violations of boundaries in brutish ways and wickedness mixed with brutal insolence, homosexual advances that are carried on when another is heterosexual, nice words spoken and then mixed with brutality for desecration, for Sodom is brutal in its wickedness and with intense brutality and desecrations that are perversity. Now the judgement was that Sodom should be destroyed.

Now The Diary is for the church and the other is for understanding the enemy, that it is not for society and offers no guidance but is meant for understanding the war of the anti-Christ against God. It is not for rebuke or correction and holds no command for to use it this way would be to bring the war of the anti-Christ into your midst to be the fighting of the devil against God in your lips. But if any would wish to read it than they will understand that it is not part of any religion, and not part of the church that it cannot be used or qouted by any, because it is like a religion from hell that you reject and that is against God only it is read as the religion of the devil who is against the Christ and God, as if an peaceful country that has an enemy and has snuck into the country to bring back scrolls from their wicked religion that we might know their evil and ways if they would fight against us. Therefore why would any quote wickedness, although it is not presented in a manner of wickedness that it is not wrong to write or read being the knowledge of those and their ways who do not always wish to live in peace.
Now a Jew is not lacking and if not lacking then not even lacking in deed that these are God’s chosen people, and there are more Jews than known of in the nation that would be Joshua.

Now a beautiful man is as if very mighty, and an intelligent man exceeding intelligence understood is as if very mighty, and God is not a bully but has complete reign in the Universe. Now the beautiful woman, what is desired from her from the ugly but that she should become ugly, either made so or committing folly to become ugly, and yet if the desire for uglieness is the same for a man an animal is confused. Now for another matter, there is what a person needs and what another person needs that insanity might be weighed correctly. Now if one is having the sickness where there are not liking their own jelousy anymore that they are constantly acting as if another person is something else, being another person than what they are, than the person is needed to be at peace with their own jelousy. Now it is not a matter that requires another person, and what does the other person need? But by this manner you may weigh insanity, whether it is great or small.

Now in the angel's heart: I found the circumstance that the Babylonian priests and the dragon that they used to launch attack and harassment against towns and villages, and the rural areas of fields and forests, was being employed by those who hated the rural areas and the smaller towns because of the justice they believed existed there, for they believed, in the angel's heart, that these protected children against those who preyed on children like the kimono dragon would, and so they sent out their own dragon, and there was hatred from the priests and cosmic anger towards all who were in these areas, even the children, that they all should die and be punished because of the loss of those who preyed upon children, and I understood that they did not believe themselves to be citizens, or criminals, for they could not be criminals because they were not citizens in their consideration, and they were not offenders or wicked because they were not citizens in their opinion, and so I inquired of their heart, and the answer was that they were citizens of Babylon, that they build up the alternative society that was small and existed in the fortresses and small places, that there were not many, and I inquired of their hearts, and the answer was that they sought even more greatly to be Babylonian because of their injustice, that they hated justice that they perceived among the people, who they hated, those in cities and those in towns, for all the people they hated, no matter where they were, and indeed some of them who were men desiring men agreed with the people, and were for the protection of children, that they had wrath even more than most of the people towards the wickedness of preying on children in this way, and yet there were the other men who desired men, who were wicked and brutal and insolent and they hated the people, and were with Babylon as well, that there were some of these people with the Babylonian fortresses and in other places where they should not be. Now this is the truth of what I perceived in my journey, and I cannot say otherwise, for I am held by duty.

Now by less knowledge, some wondered, is she a concubine? But she is a wife, and humble, as a precious stone, for the women have not said, 'cheap slut' of her, but have blessed her, and she is understood to be a wife, for though she has no statue, she is humble, a precious stone.

Now women with statues, be not deceived by the foolishness that is called 'gentile' in places, that I have called Babylonian influence, and luke-warm disbelief because of money. Now queens, though there are greater queens, yet you are capable and more able than many. 

Now the lack of envy of a king, the great ability of a genius, perhaps a type of king, the integrity of the righteous, these things are able to be understood, that the people might know them.

Now if a Nicolatain is for disturbing religion, and the spiritual, it is understood they are Orgoth's servant, at the lowest shelf of hell, for they even complain about things a male child would not complain of, that they are disturbing, and who can have pity for them? Now they are sometimes like a small child that complains of things that even children accept and understand, that they come close when they should keep away, and they are adults, as if attempting to sneak into the house, that they are strange, and demonic, and they are adults, but as if demonic children of some type, and yet where is there any child that is truly demonic, for an adult was required to be this. Now as for those of Orgoth's servant, who are demonic children, or a demonic child, they are as Nicolatains, are they not, that they are also Babylonian. Now they whine and complain as demonic children about things children accept and do not lack integrity in, and they bring accusation, and yet they cannot be pitied.
 
Now a concubine is doing nothing when there is great attack from the devil, but a wife is acting to save, that the thing will be over soon enough, and those who are wives are understood to be wives, for the wife and man are one. Now the concubine flees, but the wife remains, and the concubine is not judged wicked for it.

Now a cult of Babylon that belongs to the devil is for making strong the regard for what men do either justly or unjustly that is not of the pure language or the placing of God and Mala first but is the cult that hates Mala and exaulting Ria. Now this is found in Babylon and not Israel where kings were being chosen and anointed by prophets, because Israel was Mala taking priority that Mala and Ria might be one. Now the Elsnon are keeping to the truth of God that Mala is the truth and Ria is full of chaos and injustice and the prophets of God do not control Babylon. But the one who exaults Ria and is hating Mala is base and low like a dog in the street or one that is mangy or one who dwells in the house and eats of those scrapes that have fallen off the table from the child or given by the child. Now an angry dog that would bark and growl is a stray dog of the street but a dog who would be with you must acknowledge the truth of Mala and yield to it first, that if they are right by Mala and aknowledging Mala than they are not fit to be stray dogs in the street. Now if any are to be stray dogs they are so before the assembly of many powerful creatures in Heaven. Now any person being the least in the kingdom of Heaven is able to pass into the congregation of the Elsnon, but a rich man will hardly enter less he is willing to more than any loyalty to the devil. For those who are separated from Babylon are iscolated and may be attacked, and the persecutions are many, that you might remember better the profiting of death to attain. Now the righteous of Israel are placing Mala first that if anything else is granted it is not taking priority that Mala will still be placed first. Now if the result is things of Ria as well than God is truly blessing a person in this way that they have not recieved by being for the devil but are receiving from God, that they have not been working for any cult of the devil and if it is so they are seen to be this in Ria to work for the cult God has known it is not true, but if they do not, than might they incur persecution? For morality comes before money in all things, and Mala takes priority over Ria. Now the servant slayed all but the son would not slay some or most and was corrected that he was a son and not a servant.

Now a cult of Babylon that belongs to the devil is for making strong the regard for what men do either justly or unjustly that is not of the pure language or the placing of God and Mala first but is the cult that hates Mala and exaulting Ria. Now this is found in Babylon and not Israel where kings were being chosen and anointed by prophets, because Israel was Mala taking priority that Mala and Ria might be one. Now the Elsnon are keeping to the truth of God that Mala is the truth and Ria is full of chaos and injustice and the prophets of God do not control Babylon. But the one who exaults Ria and is hating Mala is base and low like a dog in the street or one that is mangy or one who dwells in the house and eats of those scrapes that have fallen off the table from the child or given by the child. Now an angry dog that would bark and growl is a stray dog of the street but a dog who would be with you must acknowledge the truth of Mala and yield to it first, that if they are right by Mala and aknowledging Mala than they are not fit to be stray dogs in the street. Now if any are to be stray dogs they are so before the assembly of many powerful creatures in Heaven.

Now a developed soldier is distracting and attempting to cause confusion while they attack, but because soldiers of cities, who are soldiers of the nation are not often attacking citizens this way they are seeming less mighty, for they are loyal to the nation, but in such a way also Babylon’s soldiers are seeming more mighty and the armour that is decorated is seeming more mighty but they are equal and then lesser in might, that those of the nation have strength not failing.

In the angels heart, a dog boasts of God, and I drove them who were dogs away, because the people of the kingdom were gathered. Now the dog is boasting and quoting scripture but he is not in the kingdom and yet he is committing blasphemy. For he honours God as a sinner and he is not in the kingdom and commits blasphemy. He honours God when gathered with others, but he does not refuse to pray, and he is not in the kingdom. For he is called neither hot nor cold and is thus a Babylonian who is not in the kingdom and commits blasphemy. For one will be taken and the rest remain. One is God’s and the others have rejected them. For they have been jealous and envious and have rejected. Now the spirit of Nehemiah is not evil, and the leaders are having it in innocence when it is right, and more so the Christ, although what spirit spilled the tables, I do not know.

Now those with a severe anger problem, who have adapted themselves to apply it to their jealousy, that they become extremely angry when applying anger to their jealousy, believing in great anger in punishments and in killing, these are often having the form of a well thinking person, even with a more reasonable comportment, and yet they are insane murderers, reckless slayers, as a person going through the street and killing all those who look in their direction, or do not look, or have a specific insignia that was never offensive, insane people, murderous as a sick predatory animal that cannot cease killing and mauling. Now does not integrity have patience and endurance? But those who are wise, are having patience and endurance, as are the righteous, and those who are good. Now to be over-tolerant is Egypt, that Egypt is more tolerant, but it is not usually good for it to be so, for it tolerates more wickedness and is having the lesser enlightenment. Now the awareness of Salem, it is with the people, and the people are not having to enter into Egypt. Now daughters, who are beautiful, for are you not greatly loved and considered precious, that you not overly consider the judgments of Egyptians with concerns to your father and his protection of you, for wisdom is more fitting for you, that you are valued to have wisdom. Now it is not good to be over-wise, or to be over-decent, even, that decency is considered beyond what is really able to be expected for people to live. But if you are valued by your father, and it is truly acceptable to you, that you only accuse and worry, and concern yourself, because you have heard the judgments of Egypt, than do not think you are not aware, for you have the greater awareness, do you not? But Egypt is a fool in much, and ignorant in much, and it is not fitting for Shem or Japeth, or those who are as if of a line of Shem, that Sodom and Egypt are servants to them as well.

Now what will the sign of Solomon offer, for he is more greatly developed in much among people, but will he not offer understanding of the injustice of cancelling out truth by confusion and using bullying and harassment in legal settings, against those who must speak, and those who support evil when they are ignorant, rather than what is right, or to admit they do not understand? Will he not mention those things a lawyer with good integrity might mention? Now evidence that is not admissible, is that which is not evidence, and lies are not admissible. Now Babylon studies evil, and does it not know of the evil hearts of people, to slide away from integrity, to loosen their grasp when they are pulled by the larger wave, and yet their grip is strong enough, and their body strong enough to hold firm to truth and morality, that though the devil sends his wave that pulls away towards the poisoned Ocean, where all might drown, still a king, a righteous or wise king, will hold tight, and will not a genius, who is also as a king, for are they not kings and queens of a type? Now they hold fast and the rest are swept away by confusion and distraction and a multitude of lies and evils, that the wave comes and the genius holds firm, the king holds firm, the queen remains, that are they then attacked when they are to struggle against those who were swept away, to pull them back to safety where they might be able to be above the poisoned waters? But what nihilism is it then, by the Lord, that it is not nihilism, and the angel says, listen to the king if there is one among you, for Babylon is wicked now, that it would sweep you away. Now juries, be not swept away by evil, by slanders, by attempts to place the innocent in prison, for the Lord is judge, and if other things need be judged, yet the Lord is able and it is His and for His time.

Now a false Shepard seizes control of the flock, but the sheep know the voice of the Shepard. Now some false are politics and others culture and some are money, and if there are more is it not known? But if any is a false Shepard they are likely to resist the house of God when larger things are upon them, for do they not seek council over the flock as men and women who Shepard, and yet it is not the same with those who are Shepard in and believing, that such strength is not with them, and yet they are having strength with the Christ. Now if any is saying, take wisdom but do not abandon, than such is one who believes, and who can disagree? But the false Shepard has said, avoid all wisdom and listen to me, and such is a way of a false Shepard that I do not write about what I offer in this, but about the ways of shepards. Now if one is teaching things of Orgoth with the scripture and yet is still having a true shepard’s heart than is it not a charming thing, and yet there is charm that is from what is not good and this one, being open to the flock receiving from God, is not doing well for himself and the sheep are knowing where such is less inappropriate, for such are for honouring God in what has occurred in gatherings that they are for the Christ.

Now a father must not defend the beast that has departed from their house if it is goring and attacking, when it should be killed, for if he is blameless he is understanding justice.

Now a few would say that when the soldiers betray and join Babylon that are after appearing more mighty, and yet it is the armour of Babylon they are given and the decorated apparel that they are given that in truth they are not more mighty because of it, and they have no greater strength in any way, for those with God are having a more powerful kingdom.

Now a few would say that when the soldiers betray and join Babylon that are after appearing more mighty, and yet it is the armour of Babylon they are given and the decorated apparel that they are given that in truth they are not more mighty because of it, and they have no greater strength in any way, for those with God are having a more powerful kingdom.
Now a fool is laughing when they flee from their death, but the one who fears he’ll is fearing God, and those who are brave, for fearing God, that those who curse righteousness have spoken against their own life. Now when they speak against their own life, yet they are able to live? But if their life remains in them, yet what is it in the later end? But death is come when the life in them is extinguished, and if I do not sit upon a throne with my foot upon the Earth as a foot-stool, it is true, and yet I give the way to the kingdom of heaven, for let them know what they may have, for those of God’s can have it. Now if the spirit is taken away by death than what remains? But who forced words that are worse and places their neck into the opening of a guilitine? But the unloved daughter, why is she believing she is not loved? But the eldest daughter is queen and the mother can sometimes hardly compete, and yet she is sometimes cherished as an object of great affection, and she is coveted by her mother, but she is her fathers? So let it not be claimed that the unloved child, believing so, cannot have spoken against their own life when they do, for the perversities of zealots are not a light thing.

Now a fool is not putting his animal slaves to work, for poverty will come upon him and all his house.

Now a fool will dismiss great amounts of wisdom and understanding with coarse words and a gesture, for they are not for it, but the cults of Babylon have their own beliefs which are lies, for the statue is the god of them who judges right and wrong for them to give them their judgments.

Now for blasphemy, for Luke-warmth in wickedness, the statue of the Christ is for the Babylonians, in addition to other statues. Now there is the statue of the cult of money and the statue of the king of Babylon, and statues of types of purity not necessary, and statues of ideologies, and let the wise name the statues as is required by them. Now all the statues are things of Babylon, and yet what does Salem have as its statue? But does it not have the Lord as its statue, that the body is the Temple that is towards the Lord? Now though the angel has mentioned that the body will be exchanged for a better one that does not die after a time, yet the body is still the Temple, and the angel gives no disrespect for the body, for is the spirit placed inside the right body for it, for its time on Earth, that it is for a purpose? But even the angel, and only a baby angel, does not know.

Now in the angel's heart, a foolish servant has produced children to fight and they were like those of Sodom and he produced comparisons and they were like unjust insanity, and he produced cruelty and it was more cruel than anything, the great cruelty of a coward who does wrath without judgment or justice, but an obnoxious display for defence, and he contracted with stray animals and wicked animals that were stray and scavenged, and he found those with empty heads to be partner with him, and he dwelt with rapists and pedophiles and weasels, and exalt himself as a great man, a great king, and he raged and cried and shook with a strong and controlled rage in his heart that shook him in his strength that he made himself hard and evil to dwell among rats with disease that he might send before him with sparks of small lightning, for he became perverse and ugly as he was ugly and his glory of filth was upon him, in his torn garments spattered with disgust. For servants have been small and bitter and resentful towards great men and the devil is to be their captain.


Now a god or goddess is not a prince or queen that those who might wish two things that cannot be compared to be wrongly compared. But if any should take action to gain the favour of a prince than it is not something more or from that which is with the Elsnon, for why do you imagine what is not when there is no cause, or why should any ask for discussion when God did not consult with you concerning any prophet? But any who is a Pharisee, than allow them hate and bitterness, for they boast of Abraham when they are children of the devil, and why would any think that two things are the same? For if one is of Jacob than what is the other? But the things of the kingdom are not those of Jacob or else it would have been said, but the kingdom is having all of the things of Jacob. But if any is a prince among you than indeed some might seek his favour but those seeking favour are only doing that and nothing more and they are not committing the wicked things I have here mentioned.

Now if some speak of the things of Jacob and others the things of the Elsnon than I would rather you know that you do not place a shoe on a hand and you do not place a hat on an elbow because you compare two things that cannot be compared. Now if any speaks to you in a language angels, do you know what they say? But if any can descern it, than is it not good? But if the prophet does not come to discuss than why would any when it is not a thing, even by you traditions, that are open to discussion? But if it is the giving of wisdom it is either rejected or not.
Now a goddess and god is something related to the Elsnon that they are like those giving to Elsnon, being a little higher than them is some things and lower by a greater extent in some things that some that is higher is much higher and some that is lower being lower by a large measure that the height of some things is considered the greatest. Now their are not nearly as many goddesses and gods as there are Elsnon except any Elsnon can become a goddess or god temporarily although for them it is short in time being fleeting. Now the pre ends of a god is made known by those who attack because they desire servitude from great adoration. Now the angel tenderly loved is transformed to one of these gods when he is more like a prophet and temporarily abandoning while remaining what he is, that he has not abandoned the Elsnon when he is so. Now if something was offered by the old Satan than the new Satan will hope to give what he promised when he lied that people might perish.
Now a goddess and god is something related to the Elsnon that they are like those giving to Elsnon, being a little higher than them is some things and lower by a greater extent in some things that some that is higher is much higher and some that is lower being lower by a large measure that the height of some things is considered the greatest. Now their are not nearly as many goddesses and gods as there are Elsnon except any Elsnon can become a goddess or god temporarily although for them it is short in time being fleeting. Now the precense of a god is made known by those who attack because they desire servitude from great adoration. Now the angel tenderly loved is transformed to one of these gods when he is more like a prophet and temporarily abandoning while remaining what he is, that he has not abandoned the Elsnon when he is so. Now if something was offered by the old Satan than the new Satan will hope to give what he promised when he lied that people might perish.
Now a goddess and god is something related to the Elsnon that they are like those giving to Elsnon, being a little higher than them is some things and lower by a greater extent in some things that some that is higher is much higher and some that is lower being lower by a large measure that the height of some things is considered the greatest. Now their are not nearly as many goddesses and gods as there are Elsnon except any Elsnon can become a goddess or god temporarily although for them it is short in time being fleeting. Now the precense of a god is made known by those who attack because they desire servitude from great adoration. Now the angel tenderly loved is transformed to one of these gods when he is more like a prophet and temporarily abandoning while remaining what he is, that he has not abandoned the Elsnon when he is so. Now if something was offered by the old Satan than the new Satan will hope to give what he promised when he lied that people might perish.
Now a greatly violent fool has said they know better, and they do, and it is praise-worthy and permitted, that he is not acting for his cause, but against it, because he has become blood-thirsty.

Now a highly intelligent person is very mighty, and wisdom has a type of might, but those who are wise, are they to be found with arrogance? Now which is the fool, diplomatic to the mighty? But they are not wise. Now their ego inflates, and their mouth is a clear conscience by lack of wisdom and intelligence, and their voice mocks by foolishness. Now where they did not yield should they not have agreed? For where the command came to obey God, did they not stray then when they refused, to soon open their mouths with injustice? Now what does the mighty say? But because another disobeys God, they speak against themselves to speak injustice. Now did they go astray much earlier to disobey God. Now by their disobedience they become a calamity that others have become greater than them who are amongst them.

Now a large bear is human, when it is bear and human, for there is animal-animal and animal-human and those having servants within and horses within. But the animals of humans are displaying themselves human in deeds of mouth and body, that it is a thing of honour. But animal is only used by the angel as animal-animal, for humans who have animals and servants and horses are not yet mentioned by the angel, only it is a thing of honour and riches.

Now a man died from something and his wife married David. Now David of peace, let it be understood. Now to read backwards are the same, but those doing the same but more at peace, and it is seen as what Nathan the prophet has committed to his writings. Now who are these backwards people, who are being the same, for is there not a time when it is backwards, when there is not as much ability because of circumstances? Now I have read it in the book of Kings.

Now a man is capable of knowing, of understanding, of having that without thought that is righteousness that those who fall below comprehension are not men, and a man is rare in some wicked and corrupted places where those males not men are falling below the comprehension of men that is not rare but it with every male in most places, being called The Oceans Surface which I call ur. Now those falling below ur are having complaints and grievances that are a waste of time to answer to men because it is not required that such things be addressed or answered to any man, only a man is fullfilling righteousness and those becoming worse and worse are perishing. Now some have perished to a degree that they attack men in their slumber that is so hard and their lack of fulfillment so hard that they leave their dwelling places to attack men with zealousness and foolishness in physical presence by words or deed and there is no metephore or comparison, for these are hearing and changing the clear truth because of what they do,  not having the understanding of men. Now it is not so that a man has a right to kill or afflict anything male that is not a man for the house of God is not to be divided against itself in war. But the devil’s have already perished, died, and come back as soldiers of the devil in some fashion, and the people of light have perished in profit to be made even more excellent in direction towards the day of after-life for them. Now good is advancing and evil is advancing and those advancing towards light are light and those towards death being brought towards their deeds that they advance towards what they have sown.

Now a man said to me that if you are not in pain you should be happy, and so if any is in pain because another lives than the wise should be taking such matters seriously, that a disposable fool not be permitted to do that which a young fool who is not human would do to one who is beautiful, and they are an adult? But the perverse by wickedness are of no worth. Indeed they attack the worth of others, and though others are gathered like him they only mock and stand against you in shame and guilt though they are clothed in insolence and confidence to debate what they should have much wrath against as you.

Now a man says, I defend you from wisdom for this is what I believe of you, but the man who does so, is he not as if beneath the Earth and calling upwards?

Now a man who is desiring men that he commits fornication cannot be a slave owner, and yet is he not shown grace?
  
Now a murderer is not a soldier because it is not combat, for a brave man does not regard him, and his threatening is degenerating.

Now a pedophile who molests children cannot purify their iniquity with wrath and evil punishment, as is the unwellness of some pedophiles that they seek to cleanse their sins by attacking and abolishing those who they identify as guilt for them. Now if he would be inclined to this let him instead save women by offering himself as the sacrifice that he might repent with his head above the surface of the Ocean.

Now a pedophile who molests children cannot purify their iniquity with wrath and evil punishment, as is the unwellness of some pedophiles that they seek to cleanse their sins by attacking and abolishing those who they identify as guilt for them. Now if he would be inclined to this let him instead save women by offering himself as the sacrifice that he might repent with his head above the surface of the Ocean.

Now a person follows backwards to start and another begins at the start. Now are not both acceptable?

Now a person has gone out when someone has committed wrong because it was a matter to be punished, and the soldiers who would punish heard the cause and would have pety bias with it, that they rebelled against the judgement, and cause was what I call the Zal which is for the lanit which is the smaller war of bias, and so there was a lanit, being a type of war, between those who agreed with judgement having loyalty and those who did not agree with the judgement, being disloyal, having the Zal and lanit as I call it. Now if the Zal and lanit was with the one not beautiful than it would be declared that the Zal and lanit remained, except the person was beautiful who had been done wrong and spiritually the Zal and lanit fell away because the war of the ugly against the beautiful has taken the greater priority spiritually and takes the place of the Zal and lanit because the war of the ugly against the beautiful has much greater weight in the spiritual realm. Now if any ugly would seek to bring anything against the beautiful than let them remember what is written here.

Now a person is given the advantage of being God’s, even those from Heaven, and by their choices they are some becoming that of the kingdom of the devil. Now if they are for hell, and becoming soldiers of the devil they are re-incarnated on Earth while they still draw breath to be soldiers of the devil, themselves sometimes being deceived and ignorant as to what they are, that the devil would not want them to choose repentance. But let them know it that they are able to repent if it is within their ability, not being too stubborn. So the angel who would live is stealing away the soldiers.

Now a plague happened and the servants of the devil were fueled by evil to whip the people with rillet while the plague occurred and the king said let them be whipped with rillet, and I will force their shops to be closed but a few will be spared and let it be that they lose their livielyhoods by which they eat and let it be that many of them be forced out of their homes and onto the street. So it happened as the king carried out. Now the king protected many of those who were provided by the government by giving them more money that they might live, and he provided much medicine that the people might not die from the plague and many lived because of it. Now the value of the shekel became less and he provided for those who were sick in other ways, not from the plague, that they might live, and a rowdy tribe formed and marched to the capital and began to whip the people, some of them, with rillet to retaliate against the king. Now the king had allowed them for many days and when a time had passed he passed laws concerning their type and bid his servants to drive them out and so they did. Now in these days the angel was among the people in a city where there were many poor and much crime and part of it was like Sodom and Egypt and part of it like an oasis and the angel departed from Sodom and Egypt and dwelt close to some of the sick where it was better, and there were poor who passed though that area and there were also rich but not greatly rich. Now the rich had been those who were good to the angel who were not the rich of Babylon for Babylon might attack the rich if they are not loyal to Babylon and do work and commerce with Babylonians. Now even criminals who were serious about serious things did well concerning the angel, and some who were fools among criminals hated the angel. Now in sodom and Egypt the angel had been friends with prostitutes and those richer gave him many things. Now after the desert of loneliness where the angel ate the dust of affliction he was given a time among the sick before he went out from the sick to be in sodom and Egypt for a time. Now the angel said, I will neglect learning for a time to give wisdom, for God is better than Babylon, and it was so. Now the angel was even taking money set aside by the government for the creation of art and yet the giving of wisdom was not this. Now the turem man was good to him and if any was to revile the angel thought, they will be the words of ignorance, arguments with oneself that have been hurled in rebellion, being straw men of lies in their mouth and every impotent reviling that does not seek discussion, but is the more verbal growling and barking of beasts that know language, and they will show themselves mocking and saying ignorance with sarcasm to those who do not know it is ignorance, and such will be their people who have this substance within them, and they will seek to recruit other people who are not as them. For these are made with riches of ignorance and reviling and mocking and yet if they have righteousness and strength they cast away the knowledge of truth to be their own people still who do not want such truth. So if they do not want, then let it be, and those wanting reward let them know the truth if they want it. Now acts of extremism find a way because the deeds are already in them to be performed that any conduit will do for them. Now because of this the devil has swayed some of them to do acts for a cause which the devil has chosen. But a person who acts out deeds towards others and the deeds being wrong and for foolish reasons and not due to illness of mind are those who are carrying out acts of extremism. Now the one not capable of murder is attempting to murder by that means they are capable of, and when it is so they are capable. But the one not capable has said my guilt will not see it and God does not know of it, and yet they are capable. For these will not use a sword but they will use a bomb because they do not see the explosion that kills. For some are with pride, being ugly and idealizing Jezebel because of the ugliness, and idealizing wickedness because of their service to the devil, because they are ugly, that they would want to be great in the house of the devil, the house of hell, and all those in God’s house are superior to them who are ugly. So they have swelled with substance of wickedness to be great in the devil’s house to say, I am a great person for I am great destroyer, a great figure, because I have murdered many who innocent, a great thing to fear, because I am repulsive to God’s, a great strategist because I have slandered much and lied, a very clever person because I have stolen much, a great object of desire because I have committed adultery, a great power because I possess much hate, a figure of glory because children have feared me and I have been wicked regarding them, for if God’s loathe me, I am greatly to be feared, for I have not despised the pedophile anymore but he who kills children is my close companion and loyal to me as I am loyal to him, for those who slay children, who commit rape, who destroy those who are good are to be trusted, and I am not the Lord’s.

Now a plague happened and the servants of the devil were fuelled by evil to whip the people with rillet while the plague occurred and the king said let them be whipped with rillet, and I will force their shops to be closed but a few will be spared and let it be that they lose their livelihoods by which they eat and let it be that many of them be forced out of their homes and onto the street. So it happened as the king carried out. Now the king protected many of those who were provided by the government by giving them more money that they might live, and he provided much medicine that the people might not die from the plague and many lived because of it. Now the value of the shekel became less and he provided for those who were sick in other ways, not from the plague, that they might live, and a rowdy tribe formed and marched to the capital and began to whip the people, some of them, with rillet to retaliate against the king. Now the king had allowed them for many days and when a time had passed he passed laws concerning their type and bid his servants to drive them out and so they did. Now in these days the angel was among the people in a city where there were many poor and much crime and part of it was like Sodom and Egypt and part of it like an oasis and the angel departed from Sodom and Egypt and dwelt close to some of the sick where it was better, and there were poor who passed though that area and there were also rich but not greatly rich. Now the rich had been those who were good to the angel who were not the rich of Babylon for Babylon might attack the rich if they are not loyal to Babylon and do work and commerce with Babylonians. Now even criminals who were serious about serious things did well concerning the angel, and some who were fools among criminals hated the angel. Now in sodom and Egypt the angel had been friends with prostitutes and those richer gave him many things. Now after the desert of loneliness where the angel ate the dust of affliction he was given a time among the sick before he went out from the sick to be in sodom and Egypt for a time. Now the angel said, I will neglect learning for a time to give wisdom, for God is better than Babylon, and it was so. Now the angel was even taking money set aside by the government for the creation of art and yet the giving of wisdom was not this. Now the turem man was good to him and if any was to revile the angel thought, they will be the words of ignorance, arguments with oneself that have been hurled in rebellion, being straw men of lies in their mouth and every impotent reviling that does not seek discussion, but is the more verbal growling and barking of beasts that know language, and they will show themselves mocking and saying ignorance with sarcasm to those who do not know it is ignorance, and such will be their people who have this substance within them, and they will seek to recruit other people who are not as them. For these are made with riches of ignorance and reviling and mocking and yet if they have righteousness and strength they cast away the knowledge of truth to be their own people still who do not want such truth. So if they do not want, then let it be, and those wanting reward let them know the truth if they want it. Now acts of extremism find a way because the deeds are already in them to be performed that any conduit will do for them. Now because of this the devil has swayed some of them to do acts for a cause which the devil has chosen. But a person who acts out deeds towards others and the deeds being wrong and for foolish reasons and not due to illness of mind are those who are carrying out acts of extremism. Now the one not capable of murder is attempting to murder by that means they are capable of, and when it is so they are capable. But the one not capable has said my guilt will not see it and God does not know of it, and yet they are capable. For these will not use a sword but they will use a bomb because they do not see the explosion that kills. For some are with pride, being ugly and idealizing Jezebel because of the uglieness, and idealizing wickedness because of their service to the devil, because they are ugly, that they would want to be great in the house of the devil, the house of hell, and all those in God’s house are superior to them who are ugly. So they have swelled with substance of wickedness to be great in the devil’s house to say, I am a great person for I am great destroyer, a great figure, because I have murdered many who innocent, a great thing to fear, because I am repulsive to God’s, a great strategist because I have slandered much and lied, a very clever person because I have stolen much, a great object of desire because I have commited adultry, a great power because I possess much hate, a figure of glory because children have feared me and I have been wicked regarding them, for if God’s loathe me, I am greatly to be feared, for I have not despised the pedophile anymore but he who kills children is my close companion and loyal to me as I am loyal to him, for those who slay children, who commit rape, who destroy those who are good are to be trusted, and I am not the Lord’s.

Now a plague happened and the servants of the devil were fuelled by evil to whip the people with rillet while the plague occurred and the king said let them be whipped with rillet, and I will force their shops to be closed but a few will be spared and let it be that they lose their livelihoods by which they eat and let it be that many of them be forced out of their homes and onto the street. So it happened as the king carried out. Now the king protected many of those who were provided by the government by giving them more money that they might live, and he provided much medicine that the people might not die from the plague and many lived because of it. Now the value of the shekel became less and he provided for those who were sick in other ways, not from the plague, that they might live, and a rowdy tribe formed and marched to the capital and began to whip the people, some of them, with rillet to retaliate against the king. Now the king had allowed them for many days and when a time had passed he passed laws concerning their type and bid his servants to drive them out and so they did. Now in these days the angel was among the people in a city where there were many poor and much crime and part of it was like Sodom and Egypt and part of it like an oasis and the angel departed from Sodom and Egypt and dwelt close to some of the sick where it was better, and there were poor who passed though that area and there were also rich but not greatly rich. Now the rich had been those who were good to the angel who were not the rich of Babylon for Babylon might attack the rich if they are not loyal to Babylon and do work and commerce with Babylonians. Now even criminals who were serious about serious things did well concerning the angel, and some who were fools among criminals hated the angel. Now in sodom and Egypt the angel had been friends with prostitutes and those richer gave him many things. Now after the desert of loneliness where the angel ate the dust of affliction he was given a time among the sick before he went out from the sick to be in sodom and Egypt for a time. Now the angel said, I will neglect learning for a time to give wisdom, for God is better than Babylon, and it was so. Now the angel was even taking money set aside by the government for the creation of art and yet the giving of wisdom was not this.

Now a rich dog is not better than a lion for though a mangy dog is garbed in riches and though he dwells among what seems jewals and gold the jewals are made dross by his dog-hood and the gold is made tin and his horses made like wagons covered with hay and refuse with broken parts, that his crown is caved in and not, and broken pieces hang upon his head, and where it was there is coarse metal that is brittle and packed hard, that with the riches are cracks of iniquity and his bones are rotten and his shoes heavy and worthless. For a turem hath shouted, who is like the rich man! And he has saluted him, a dog with ugly riches, and if the lion is better, being strong and mighty than so the god is exceedingly better than him. For the lion is far from him in greatness and the god can hardly regard him in his lack of worth, for a dog skips and moves about the feet of those who greet each other. Now what worth has wretched Babylon and the cults of the devil that they attempt to make their ignorance that is of their cults part of the truth? But if one is great in truth and the material is added for much of what they have than indeed these things are bringing honour and glory and not showing them as a thing that shows them disgrace and disgusting, and garbs them in what is shameful, for it is not seemly to put a jewal in the snout of a swine and Babylon is wretched and low, a disgusting thing that sinks into mud, to be purified and ground up—but what can even be enough to be done to it? Wretched lie and ignorance is Babylon and all your priests are disgusting and absurd fools. You harbour even the devil, the old Satan, and he bends you to his will and you obey. You are drunk with blood, with decrepit oldness and uglieness due to your actions that defile you, that you are like an old and wretched thing weighed down with condemnation and guilt for the blood of the righteous by which you are drunk. For the devil is the puppet master who bends and turns you to what he wants and you are placing confidence and trust in him who would will that you suffer forever in hell.

Now a servant is over the slaves for he is not to be given the tasks of heavy labour, for he is servant. But the servant is given the lighter tasks and some administration of great houses, that his burden is easy for you are great. Now he is a wise servant who is getting much favour and yet Alexander the Great gives the sign, for he did not destroy Babylon and his Babylonian servants that he trusted, then betrayed him and he was slayn by their poison. Now when you defeat you do not take those who were not abandoned to be killed or cast out of Babylon, for Babylon spits out those loyal to truth and God. But if there is the remainder that was not with you until you took all then can you trust them? But Babylonians are loyal to Babylon. Now they will spread and poison the Lord’s kingdoms, that they must be removed, for even if you should march your own through a desert yet will they do this thing unless you do so to punish? But if your own have cause then the kingdom will be divided, for when it is not united at the source it divides among the kings. Now two had cause against him because he was not loyal to the one who fought with him and for him that by lack of loyalty two had cause. Now his soldiers fullfilled and yet he preferred Babylon more than his own.

Now a servant may have a wife, but she may not rage in wickedness against the human and she may not rage in wickedness to kill the child who is human, the son of nobles.

Now a silly fool of the devil has said, I have caught you doing wrong, but what was done was not wrong. 

Now a rediculous fool of the devil has said, you teach me morality that I might judge, but no one teaches them, and they are deceived. Now a person has sought to stalk as if to ambush, but a person of the devil’s has done so for what they are part of, being a cult of the devil’s to stalk and even attack God’s for the devil. For if the cults of Babylon are at war with God and His son than why would you not know that the devil’s will be at war with those of the kingdom? But if any is hating his wife because she is not his wife, than he is loyal to the devil and has no marriage with her. But if he views her as an enemy and him a soldier to destroy her he has viewed her neither beautiful or ugly but as one of the enemy he captured in war that he hates who he has brought to his house, for his wives are others, and he had said I will mock her and mistreat her as an enemy in loyalty to our kingdom of hell and the devil. Now who is for stoning this woman? But she is a captured woman in war and is she not right to escape? But let the wise descern if it is the case and if she is being rescued and agreeing let it be so.

Now a slayn child is better and by far greater than the one who molests children. For if the later should live a thousand years their life is void and their days pursued by righteousness, but the righteous are not pursued in this fashion.

Now a sociopath is not required to repent for they do nothing wrong, for they are fools. But they indeed have need to repent. Now the one who says to God, My brother is dead and I do not know how, is not one who has repented. Now those who would trick God are tricked and deceived, and those preserved for judgement continuing in a thing. Now those testing God fullfilling less and those fullfilling worthy to give. Now if any would buy blessing than they purchase from God because if none sells their blessing they fullfill that they are to be counted as such. For if one fulfills less and by choice than he is given reward for what he fullfilled, but the one shutting their hand and with money has nothing. Now if selfishness is inclined to less than for what reason do those of Babylon know surprise because of the little they have? But they fullfill not towards God that they would fullfill to others and not to others that they would fullfill unto God. But if any is watching than do they not have the reward of Heaven? But if I would restore a Tower of Babel and they have used the name in a foolish and base way to become a by-word of racists, than I am not he who built it, but let me build it, that if it should do well and be pleasing than such a tower will please God.
Now a soldier does not commit murder, and those who are for justice are not for evil.

Now a talebearer of a type that I have called a perverse friend, or hectom is one who tells of things that are private and not to be told because they are wishing to throw mud upon a person for some reason, and the usual cause is jelousy, although if a parent will possess are they not fearful of something, and yet there are better ways, and yet such is not concerning a parent, for the parent will slander from terror, and yet is she not meeting her daughter? But as for what is more often the hectom is a fickle-girl in this thing, if it be a man, and an attacking general when a woman, that even a man who takes wives is not taking another in this way. But what is this that occurs, that a man unite in casting away what is true? But love is with an open hand for women and in many ways a closed for men, that the limits not be exaggerated, only that the wife is for the fullness of what she desires.

Now a warrior of projection is scorning and rillet is in their mouth, but they are kept by others and it is not their own work.
Now a well person says, why would it matter, but sick person, they think of it wrong.

Now a wicked man brought into a tribe of justice is lacking all understanding, and their wickedness and foolishness prevails for them, that a just has had a wicked in their camp, and such is not impossible. But if any would be for separating good from good than it is beneficial to know, and those of justice are greater than a mere man.

Now there is the full Babylonian slave, that any judgments of morality towards it are evil, that the person who judges by morality towards it is judged by it as being evil, that it has the perversity of having to disturb with wickedness when there is peace, that it is insolent in the way of a Babylonian slave, with a tongue that is polite and yet it is condemning righteousness and good and condemning what is not the business of any, and it is still yet brutal, that it does not hear rebuke or judgment from those who are the Lord's, for it is Babylonian. Now if Babylonian condemn justice, condemn righteousness and even what is good, for a Babylonian man does so with confidence, that a great and strange wickedness is presented, than there is no need to be amazed, for Babylon and Babylonians are on Earth in places.

Now the angel does not know what a sociopath is. But there are slaves of different kingdoms, and slaves employed a little to be soldiers, and there are slaves of Sodom and Egypt, slaves of Babylon, slaves of Egypt, slaves of the fair, slaves of the median shade, slaves of the dark shade, slaves of the Island Nation People who are on the shaking platform that they are not found on the plateform, or are unlikely to be, for they are not the Samuria, for the Samuria are the opposite of this. Now there are dogs, that have been called sociopaths, and all the types of unfaithful, wild dogs that have been called sociopaths, that the angel does not know what the word sociopath really means, and yet he has used it. Now call not any gentle and good son a dog, because he is as if poor, or is not having money, for it is blasphemy against people when you call such as this, a dog. Now if he is addicted to harmful substances, yet you do not call him a coyote, even, for it is blasphemy against people, for is he not still a good and gentle son that you would blaspheme? Now contentions with such are not having to do with this. But if any is to be having the spirit of Harod, to kill the king of the Universe, the Lord's son, when he is given riches and the glory of riches and success, because the Lord's son is still exceedingly greater than him, then is it not also known that Harod is a sicophant and his words are degrading and he is a sicophant, for he is truly insane in a fashion, and compensates for his jelousy, and he over-compensates, to degrade and be a sicophant, that his riches are great, and he is seeming a rich man, and yet he cannot master his jelousy and understand his portion and his time and place for receiving his reward. Now what do you say of the angel Harod? But a sword should be slashed across your throat, and yet are you able to be a man? For I have not come to bring peace to you, and your partnerships with the devil are making you a mere soldier as other soldiers of the devil, that your wealth, if it is so, will it be with you on the day you array yourself before the Lord's angels to do combat? Now the angel cannot die, even though he is in a body that can die, and you, too, are immortal in a way, that some are for the second death. For you have money and the insolence of a slave, and there is a 'total disrespect' problem with you, as the soldiers of Earth might call it.

Now a wise man is not sowing discord between men and women, but the one who supports to sow discord is villian and scoundrel, for he boasts of himself indirectly, and yet is a false teacher without understanding who guides people into prisons, who would lead them out of palaces to be slaves in the field under burning heat where there is little water, who teaches what is not wise, who leads into places of scorpions and cracked rocks. Now yet, it is not a thing of the priest-hood, but it is thing that has occurred by those who are supportive of going into Egypt and even Sodom.

Now a wise servant is better than a wicked man who seems strong who is rebelling against good and right, but the one who rebels against evil is as a young angel.

To rebel against right and morality is like the gates that enter into Babylon, but Babylon usually ejects those who are showing forth righteousness.

Now a wise woman has gained respect when she behaves wisely with wise words and actions, but the servant of Orgoth’s first shelf does not respect but is angered, that he is hating the woman, and hating the male child who is better than him, for two are together, and he has loved the child who is a girl, as if to be his as a partner, and he has even been open in his hatred of the child towards men, that he is below ur, and below that in hell, at the river at the bottom of Orgoth. Now his own of any shade he has not hated, and to be with him by affiliation in Ria does not matter for such is Orgoth, that it is the mountain in hell. Now what is not easily attained is often worth having, and yet some have hated wisdom and good, that Orgoth has hated the angel and it’s servants have hated him, and yet the sons of Noah are not as these.

Now there is the Babylonian perversity of having to disturb, that it is wickedness when it is understood, and understood easily, for does it not want to disturb and desecrate, that it desires especially to disturb purity and goodness? Now not only Nicolatains have this perversity and it is a perversity with some Babylonians, much like pedophilia, that it is even hand in hand with pedophilia even though it is not pedophilia. Now Ahabs, will you kill all the prophets and be worse than Harod, to kill even the angels while they are in bodies that can be killed, to kill the Apostles, the priests, the saints, and all those who please God? But has not Jezebel repented because of the Christ? Yet you are a man of war, a cruel man, and 'bastard' they would call you, laughing and taking pleasure in slaughtering, smiling in your brutality. Now was even Caesar as you, Ahab? But who will any compare you to? But you are brother, in my opinion, to Harod. Now as for slaves of the Jews, you are like a great slave among them, and their leader, and a slave you are, that who has made you king, now Harod, insolent as a slave, behaving like a slave, if the beautiful are still exceedingly greater than you, even if they have no money, than are you not still having your time and place to receive your portion, that you are given much money and opportunities and what some call 'good fortune' or so it would seem, or you have worked and not had prejudice towards you, or you have, and yet you are still believing yourself lesser? Now was not the Christ greater than you, and even when he was an unborn child, that you slew a great multitude of babies? Now your head is stubborn and insolent, because of your brutal lack of respect, that you in truth are not respecting the Lord and what he does, and it is the insolence of slaves, that slaves have had this same lack of respect for the Lord and what he does.

Now small children, very small and very young for children, being recently able to speak, these are perhaps more blameless than the angel, that they question, and it is not wrong, and yet the adults among the luke-warm, the angel has considered, it is gladly these will be cast into the lake of fire, with much want to do it, for they are luke-warm and wicked, that they being hardly religious and hardly interested in religion, are going out to commit evil and wicked acts for the Lord's name, and are the first going out to bully and bother the atheist, who is far better than them, for hot or cold is preferable, that the atheist is at least honest, and yet the luke-warm are henous and disgusting, wicked and with words of praise to God that are blasphemy, for they do not follow Him, and they are those who persecute the Lord and those who are doing the Lord's will, and they are those who are even doing the works of the Pharasees that they are demonic servants of the devil, incredibly wicked and disrespectful of the Lord, and though the atheist is blasphemous, and a rebel, yet he is at least honest, and hot or cold, that the luke-warm, only the angel has the gladness and pleasure of wanting to cast into the lake of fire, and for the atheist, would the tears not come from the angel's eyes? For can the angel judge this thing? But the angel will plead with the Lord on behalf of the atheist, that he should not be cast into the lake of fire, and does the hot Christian, being spiritual, even require it? But the angel does not know what will become of the atheists, for it is a void place for him, where he cannot see, and they are hot and cold, and the angel does not know if the Lord has something in mystery and concealed. Now the angel does not claim that they are the Lord's, for he committs error here, and the atheist will no doubt correct him, for they are indeed atheists, and yet the angel has no gladness in the idea of casting them into the fire, as he would have for the luke-warm, and even those who bully the atheist because they are luke-warm, and those who persecute and do wickedness against the Lord's people, and those who please God, because they are luke-warm and wicked, blaspheming in their praise of God. For the luke-warm are demonic and incredibly wicked, and they are Sodom, in many ways, and doing the work of the devil, for it is seeming the will of the devil they will perform, and gladly the angel would cast these into the fire, with much pleasure that they should die the second death and be thrown into the hell that tortures them, these disgusting and wicked people.
	Now though the atheist is a vexation to you, even to those who are hot and being spiritual, yet the luke-warm, are they not those who are more likely to kill you, and Babylon, being luke-warm and wicked, are they not those who are more likely to kill you, for there is not such thing as an atheist terrorist, and those who claim atheism in it, are in fact not really atheist, for they are religious and believing in both their hearts and minds, that they claim allegiance with the devil, and the luke-warm fight on behalf of their ignorance and their luke-warm ways, that they fight on behalf of no person, and none has asked them to perform any wickedness, for they are those who believe and are not religious and yet do wickedness in the name of the Lord, and it is not good, and not wanted, that they do so on their own. Now these are with all shades where the luke-warm have been found.

Now do you not consider the signs that are not miracles? But what of the signs in the heavens, the cosmic events, and the things found in the heavens? Now what do the wise consider of them? But there are also signs on Earth and in all places. Now what is the moon and what does it mean? Now what is the sun? But this was offered in this book. Now of Saturn, what do you say? But these are not miracles and yet the Lord has created the Universe. Now three wise men followed a star to the Christ and gave him gifts. Now was not the star Venus? But the star, Venus, is it not the morning star? Now how many stars are in the sky? But are some of the stars angels, being signs for them? Now will not a dragon swallow some of the stars, and will it be while angels are on Earth? Now none worships the sign, and even if the sun was a sign of God and the moon a sign of the Christ, yet they would not be worshipping the signs. Now truth is given to the moon and yet the moon gives no light to the world, and yet the sun gives light to the world. Now is not morality the truth, that there is not another truth, and another receives it and it is seen in the dark, shining. Now there is not another morality, and yet there is Esua, and he is having different ways, that he is on Earth. Now is not the sun the sign of morality, and the moon the sign of the person who receives morality? Now what is the morality for Joseph? Yet it is the morality of Jacob, of Jews, that this morality is his father. Now what is the morality for Christians? Yet it is Jacob and the Christ. Now it is right for those who are for a thing to be keeping with what their thing is, that Jews are not following the ways of another people even if another is also a people of Abraham, and those people are not following ways of Jews, that they are another people of Abraham who have their own ways. Now Christians are having the Old and New Testament, and they are circumcised and uncircumcised Christians of heart. Now there are those Christians who are Sufi Christians, which is a very Christian thing to be.

No discord sowing is required when you are not in the wrong, for the truth is on your side, that the truth is available for all. Now great discord has been sown against the priests, and Egypt's doctrines have deceived some that they have said, they must be evil or else they would have not been called evil, and it is another thing that the angel gives that which might be sweet at first and striking the belly with bitterness. Now the Jews have expelled other people groups from Israel, both in the past, and even somewhat in modern times, that they would be hypocrites, the Hebrew Jews, to be against that which is another people obeying the Lord, that the priests have sought that some of the Hebrew Jews should leave, as they are a disruption by the opinion of the awareness and enlightenment of Salem, and yet such is an offence to the doctrines of Egypt, and to Sodom and Egypt it is offence. Now the angel has nothing against the Hebrew Jews, and they are robbed of tribes, and as if wandering while they possess Israel, and they have not completed the taking of land, that Palestine is given up to be offered to be Jews, more so than Jews, and they have lived in the shade of Israel, under the shade of the tree, and have they not even been like Nicolatains, are they not have rebellion like witch-craft, and yet they are to become Jews? Now opportunity is offered to them, for they have dwelt in the shade of Israel, to dwell as if in a province, and yet Palestine is a nation. Now do they then have Abraham as their father. But much they do, for it is so. Now this thing the angel is not able to complete, and opportunity is given, that they become Jews, for the other places around are because of the obedience of the angels, and a small portion has lived in the shade of Israel. Now as for the arrogance that is because of ignorance, with some of the Jews who are as if young, though they are adults, do you not know that you speak luke-warm? Now you are able to be cast into the lake of fire. But have not those more devoted in their religion at least considered some things that are of wisdom? Now is it not true, that though you do not associate with God in your coming before the Lord, that you are still required, perhaps differently, to admit that He, the Lord, has an heir, who is His son? Now His son is the Lord of David, and David is father of Solomon. Now why would you believe in accusation against you when there is none? But are you having returned fully to Egypt again? But are you to be of the simplicity and ignorance that is greater in Egypt that you believe in accusation against you when His son is mentioned? Now Egypt has been found amongst you more, and why is this? But I am not a prophet and yet can I not lend advice to you? But who blocks you, truly, from admitting that the Lord has a son, and you look towards David, to find Him, the Lord's son, that is David not your king, and He has defended holy places, and holy villages where the obediance of the Lord takes place, and places of holy learning, and noble things, and good things of the Lord, for He is wise, of the wisdom of angels, and innocent, and is He not still your king, that you fail, for stumble for some reason, at the transition, long ago, about 2000 years prior, and yet what keeps you now? But if the priests of Salem have driven you away, is it not because there are an obediant people, or those who are called to be obediant, that were already planned upon by the Lord? Now the angel does not know the will of God. Now be admitting that the Lord has other children, for it is no concern to you, and nothing that can harm you, and then may you not look to David, your king, who has the Christ as his lord? But were you left unattended for too long, prior to 2000 years prior, that their stubborn hearts said, there will be no more happening to Israel, and nothing will occur, despite the prophecy? Now was the transition too large, that some of them were not able? Now there is nothing between you and what is good, and as for Salem, the Lord has been crafty, has He not? For He has taken the whole Earth, except for China and the polytheists, like a surprise attack, for He has taken it without their seeing it, that it is revealed suddenly when they are not aware.
	Now let the priests of Salem be concerned with Salem, and the angel concerned with other things, and the priests of America, be concerned with America, and yet the angel is not in America and is not a citizen, and gives no command, for they are another country. Now those who praise and spread luke-warm disgust, the doctrine of luke-warmth and Ioim and Sodom and Egypt, that is part of Ioim, they are actually very few and they do so without being asked to do so, for the people are not for such, but are for freedom of religion, and not returning to Egypt, that already they have not been in Egypt and have not returned, that some are only drawn to it at times, and others are deceived, that they go into it, and yet they may depart when they wish. Now the Lord gave a heavy sign, the enslavement of the Jews, in ancient times, in Egypt, and did not the prophets know the sign, and they said, hate not an Egyption—for did they not mean those who were their own people?--that you not hate those of your own people who are having more doctrines of Egypt, and yet Sodom and Egypt is not the same as Egypt. 

Now a wise woman is a great asset for the house of God, and she is taking serious things seriously, that she is spiritual and cares for things that are with justice and truth, for she is hating evil from the devil. Now those who would be so for the devil’s house are fools that the devil is not matching this thing that God’s house has. Now these are not things of Babel for the kingdom of heaven is not Babel. Nor is the kingdom of heaven Babylon. But Rome has denegrated Jews and is as those who would wipe them out and yet they are not being honest and open that they would not wipe them out, for they are being intensely disrespectful on purpose by feigning apathy in matters of duty to them where righteousness is owed, for the Roman says, but let the crowd decide if they die, and the king says, but let my child express a verdict by whim, that they are disrespectful on purpose, for they would be devoured by greatness if they made no disrespectful gestures because they would be as dogs given charge of a great house for humans, that the Jews are worthy to wipe them out and yet the wise woman of God’s house is truly not Roman, and petitions against destruction, saying, but the Lord’s is not as them, and it is true, that Joab not devour the Lord’s with the wicked. Now when she has no man she is for to be for him to be married or already married, the angel has coveted her, and yet she is for things of great worth on Earth, that she is as a pillar that keeps the palace from collapsing where much is kept that should not be lost, that the Lord’s males might not die by the hand of the wicked or suffer by their wicked deeds. Now the pillar is before the house of the Lord and the other pillar is another wise woman. Now are these not also things of Salem, for Salem has the tribes, even Benjamin and Joseph, and yet Salem has no Temple ground, for the body is the Temple. Now Abishag, a terredacto, having a small brain, for it is true of terradactos, at least, if not of other large dragons, was reigning over the meeting place and loyal and good to Adonijeh during the time when the member of Abishag, being another encapsulation of her, attacked a sign of Solomon, that existed, that was at the time garbed much in a helmet, for protection, because of the amount of wrath that was directed towards him. Now the sign of Solomon was better off with Adonijeh, and what did Adonijeh gain? But the terredacto greatly slandered, and who even believed the slander, except others required a cause, and she stirred up trouble of cold war for the sign of Solomon that was wearing a helmet much at that time. Now did not even a polytheist aid her, for the polytheist had participated in harassing the sign of Solomon. Now did not these things have to happen so that the revelation might be given to the Elsnon, and being delivered in Salem? But when the revelation was nearing the time of the comet passing near Earth, there was pondering about who would aid the spreading of the revelation. Now is it not the revelation heresy towards Egypt and heresy to Sodom, and how has Salem come to the evil that it should be given any restriction from Sodom or Egypt? But as for the priests, not those who were in the prison, to be with the gang for defence, which is INCEL, but the priests who are called neo-Nazis, how would they even be able to aid any, for they were being persecuted and much by Prince Rellium because of Sodom and Egypt, and even more so, it would seem, by Egypt, and yet would some not say, more so by Sodom? But because of Egypt and the blasphemy of the priests, there were restrictions, that Prince Rellium would persecute the priests because of restrictions given by the doctrines of Egypt, with those who believed in the doctrine or took the council of other places. Now did Salem ever hate the priest-hood? But some might have been confused, and yet some had known more, and there was great discord and lies offered against the priest-hood to the people. Now still, Salem was not a country that was ever as greatly opposed to the priest-hood, despite what those of the meeting place might claim, for they claim so for their own support, that they support themselves, and will they not say the same of others? But half the nation of America, perhaps more than half, had fought against their own people, their own families at times, to deliver the slaves from slavery, and yet there was never that slavery in Salem.
	Now foreign gangs have sought to invade, and have invaded in places, and they bring with them what is like war, that terrorism is able to be orchestrated through them and has been, for they create scenarios as if not terrorism when it truly is. Now these things have occurred while some soldiers of cities have turned a blind eye to crimes against the citizens of Salem, in places, and so there has been more wickedness in places. Now is the nation able to withstand the same threats as another nation might, which has a greater population? For flexibility can be offered in an exponential fashion with the increase in population, that the nation may not be capable of withstanding the wickedness of some evils on Earth that have come into our nation. Now perhaps a small nation is having to employ soldiers more, and those who fight in wars in other lands, that the nation is not able to survive well without their use. But America is seeming to be able to indulge more and have a flexibility due to the explonential ability it gains by greater population, whereas Salem, though still populous, is more easily troubled and cast into disarray and a quicker response is sometimes required for it when a foreign gang might infiltrate that brings with it foreign terrorism against the best citizens of the nation, in fact, all citizens of the nation. Now if Salem has not had the same problems with criminal gangs, then for what sin we have committed would we tolerate them and their destruction of our country, for what is the population and ability of the nation that we judge ourselves America, and able to indulge the same evils that they indulge, and adopt the ideologies that they themselves do not adopt, that the ideologies are spread and the citizens of America do not agree with them or follow them and yet we must focus upon our own value and worth as a nation, keeping our focus upon our own people and our values of free speech and our religion, as well. For some have even claimed things about Salem to rebuke their own nation, and yet they are inconsiderate of Salem, and these things are not true of Salem and our people. Now we are not American, and yet what values Americans actually have, and not what is part of the Ioim and Egypt ideologies that some promote of America, some of these real values that the people truly possess, we have in common with America, and yet even where it is differing, we are having our own nation, that is still in tact, and does not seem to have ever as greatly opposed the Nazi preist-hood or interpreted what is called 'political correctness' in the same way as Americans have. But still, it is illegal to partner with the priest-hood, or else the angel would have desired to partner with them, for they are the priests. Now if the priests are not pleased with something, that they sincerely consider something a problem, is not the angel desiring to be considerate of them, for they are the priests, and are they not made so by the Lord?
	But I would only cation all, do not be allowing slaves to speak for you, whether fair or dark shade, for they have their own motive, and their own agenda, that they deceive to say their motive is not different, for the slaves are against slave owners and those worthy to be slave owners and their revenge is much against them who are worthy and who are slave owners.

Now at the time of Abishag being leader of the meeting place, the answer of many Christians towards those who would sow doubt was, we would not argue with you, but what is the point? Now when a religion is not true, is it not very obvious, that it does not stay much with truth? But all are able to understand truth when it is told.

But if the man who desires men is seeming meek, for if there is some thing lacking that he does not have conscience, and yet seems meek when he is not, that he is in fact violent and for desecration, than it is not even when such are bonded with the devil in heart, to slay those who please God.

Now at the time of Abishag and the plague that was not severe and yet claimed many lives, especially of the elderly, and the already ill, there were many who had been bankrupted, and had much of it not been because they did a good thing, whatever that thing might have been, that they angered the corrupt establishment of corruption, and even Babylon, that the foreign enemy of Babylon had sought to bankrupt them and cast all those who had done good things onto the street, and they were citizens, one of the people, struck with temporary misfortune, is as the bad luck of good citizens. For I call such 'temporary misfortune' that none should think they can exploit it, who are wicked, for these are sons and daughter of the kingdom, of the nation, kings and queens, in the midst of carrying out the cold war and the things of stategy they must perform as part of their good works, that there is wicked dealings that part of such wars, and offensive attacks that can do very little, except place a person in 'temporary misfortune'.
	Now as heros they must fight a little, and those who are citizens, who are one of the people, only know it is corruption of some type, for prior not many would have said Babylon, and yet have there not been wise people who have looked into and discovered some of these things that the angel reveals? Now who attacks these good citizens, on the road, even when they do not follow further behind the procession? But the Lord is able to do justice, and justice is his, and yet the words of the Old Testiment scripture are still understood when some were attacked viciously in a very wicked way. Now as for you Christians, innocent doves, being the Christians who have what portion and advantages are theirs, for is it not actually so that Christians have their own advantages, that the advantages of being a Salem Jew, who is probably Christian, are those advantages considered in context, for it says much in every way, and the angel says he perceives, much in many ways, and yet in context it is seeming these advantages are so for those things that are considered in context, that they are advantages in areas where Christians are often not wanting to dwell and pursue interests, that the advantages the Christians have who are not Salem Jews, are likely hidden and unknown, and possibly greater in many ways, and are they not those who are watching for signs, some of them? But when there is fight to have, there is the likely-hood of much distraction, and people must fight, and the citizens are understanding. Now if Babylon has attacked the good citizens, according to those citizen's good deeds, then it is a thing of Babylonian corruption, that they seek to remove that which they know hinders them and makes it more likely they will not succeed in things in which they wish to succeed. Now the angel was spared this much, and yet the devil still offered great distraction and there were periods of harassment. Now later he said, yet the priest-hood is good, and there is society with it and society with all those of Salem, yet even greater peace is wanted for me, if only for a time.

Now to sabotage peace intentionally is war, and yet the person who brings justice does not come upon peace, for when people depart from evil, there is more likely-hood of passing over wrongs.

Now the fool says, I will attack if you do not forgive, and yet a wise man, does he not say, yet I deserve some things, that wrath be appeased.

Now to fear God is truthful and fear what should be feared, for though the world is unjust, yet the Lord is owning the Universe, and he is able to do the great and small. Now as you trust in one thing, you do not test in another, and yet as you commit yourself to obedience, is there any judgment, for is the angel come to offer command? But what does the Christ bring? But is he not bringing beneficial advice?

Now those who lead in religion believe in religion also, that they are not being those who would exploit for gain. Now those who believe, if they gain, it is for the building of what is the Lord's kingdoms.

Now there are those who scorn and mock religion, who speak against their own life, for their body has been created by God, and yet they are in the devil's kingdom. Now destroying is on their lips, and they stand upon ground to an open pit, and rebellion is in their hearts, for they are not made and conforming to truth, whether to be atheists or religious. But blasphemy comes from them, the luke-warm, and very wicked, that they stand with confidence that their wickedness is concealed from all. Now to their own work they will not keep, and their own place, they wander from it, like a bird from the nest away from the mother, that they offer wickedness with their mouths, and yet they are pure and righteous by Babylon. Now those righteous and pure by Babylon, made as people of that kingdom, sons, daughter, kings, servants, they are all insolent in their existence, and luke-warm wickedness, that they are more wicked than any, and lack of truth comes from their mouths, that they are living in another world of truth, and the truth of the Universe is lies. Now if they drink of poisoned water and are well, it is not to be a surprise, for they are Babylonian, and if they slander, lie about weighty things, commit fraud and scorn religion, and yet they are pure, as pure waters that are poisoned, that they are righteous and innocent, than it is not a thing for surprise, for these are Babylonian people, made of the kingdom that belongs to the devil, standing firm on what is all lies and insolent. Now if they approach, passing over the great valley, that is deep and dark, where there should be no bridge, that they do not show respect for boundaries, but make their way over the deep valley that is like a great fall that none can pass, so that they interlope on good lands, as Babylonians, where the lands are governed by truth, and the truth of the Universe, that though there is full knowledge of war that in unavoidable, for the heart and soul both testify to it, that they interlope when there is war to approach people who are sons and daughter of the kingdom when they are known enemies by the mark upon them, that they are trespassing for all to see, and on enemy land, and so they are approaching to scorn and mock or speak villainy and wickedness, are they not marked by truth, and the truth of the Universe, to be struck with death, that they should die? Now if the Christians are for suffering it, being innocent as doves, than do others who are in the Lord's kingdoms? But there are dogs, that have also been called sociopaths, and a Babylonian is a dog in land of truth and good, even when they are not a sociopath, for many things have been called a sociopath, even some large dragons, at times, and yet they are large dragons, although the son praised in Babylon, who is Babylonian, is a dog in lands of truth, and if he comes to scorn and bark, is he not marked for death? Now he is despicable, and his barking is wicked, that he is known to be a fool. Interloping, insolent, stomping upon the Earth in foolish facade to go and scorn those who are sons and daughters of the Lord's, he is insolent in his existence, for he is made a person of Babylon. Now what can any say? But none in lands of truth know him, and he wears the mark of Babylon. 

One thing does not translate into a different thing. But the same thing must translate into the same thing, and there is not always other words for it, that it is the only term or word.

Criminal harassment, which is part of Gomorrah combat, is only having the effect of inhibiting all goals and disabling a person. Those who add criminal harassment to good goals are against those goals and all goals a person would accomplish. For it is not having to be written. Now when such is used against religious people, it is an act of being against religion, and is it not to favour another religion? But who is for persecuting religion? For an atheist is never a terrorist, that it is having to be a person with a belief in spiritual things, that even if their hearts are for the devil, as are the wicked and evil of Babylon, or if they believe greatly, and their hearts are for the devil, that they are the soldiers of the devil who are Pharisees who often place themselves in places of power to gain greater ability in their attacks if they can, than still, it is not an atheist, for many have said, I believe in nothing, and yet they mock only, and they are not atheists, for they are terrorists and religious, for those who are terrorists against religion are those who are religious themselves, even if only with hearts for the devil. Now as for the atheist, yet they blaspheme and are outcasts in many ways, it is not benefiting the Lord to be bullying them when they have not contended with you for it to be reasonable, that any go to them and bully them, when they have done them no wrong, to do so in the name of God, or with the Lord as the reason, for such is not benefiting the Lord, and indeed, will not God hate it, for the angel says, it is the atheist who should be avenged, that justice should be to avenge him, for you are not a society of slaves, but are those worthy to be slave owners, able to respect the Lord and honour what is good, to be a holy people, saints, and the atheist is hot or cold. Now it is good that you be able to employ the use of the angel's wisdom that he gives, and if you are capable of using your own to separate the false-flags from the real, then will there truly be use for a false-flag by the enemy? But if the atheist will not be offended, the devil uses false-flags, and does he not even do so against the atheist, for they are hot or cold, that the devil is not preferring or liking them, and the atheists, but they are part of the west, The Allied World that is the Lord's kingdoms. Now those persecuting religion, yet it is not likely to ever be an atheist, but it is a person with a religious belief in their heart and in their mind, that Pharisees do so, and Pharisees in places of atheism, who do not belong, and Pharisees in places of Judeasm, who were for killing the Christ, and Pharisees who are Babylonian, and the different types of Pharisees and what the attacks on religion that they perform. Now they are imposters among you, that their hearts are bonded with the devil, and they are believing strongly, with firm confidence, though they are sometimes denying it, in the existence of God and the devil, that they favour the devil.

Now those who fight for the promotion of slaves and slave things, they are traitors to all, and all good, and all order, and all reason, that they carry out acts for chaos and violent and foolish anarchy, that they carry out acts to destroy all order and reason, that society might fall to dust and ashes.

Now when one does something wrong, they are what they perform. When one does something right, there is no second chance after the first. When one blasphemes doing right things, it is wickedness and disgust.

Now the one who is born greater, given by the Lord to be greater despite all diligence, suffering, and money, let it be a thing of peace for you, for the Lord is able to give you greater rewards, and yet all must yield in the time and place to yield for another to be honoured. Now if one is greater and mightier by beauty, than it is truth, that it is so, and yet the Lord is able to give you a greater reward, and yet even a king of the whole Earth must yield when it is the time of another, and even Harod, the slave who was made king, must yield to the Christ, who is not even a threat to him. Now a slave says, I will be god of a people if I am king to change what only a god can change, that they are a slave, and it is nothing to give surprise, for their place is in the field with a chain, that you not be surprised. For who has vexation over the matter of a slave and their impious ways?

Now force not a woman into spiritual prostitution by cruelty and hardship, when you are able to relieve them. Now give not work to the man when it is not fitting for him that is the work enjoyed by another man who is able to receive a reward. Now the work fitting for one man is not fitting for another.

Now if they label religion another word, than transfer the word 'religion'. Now if hate-speech is religion and hate-speech may be charged, than religion is criminally harassed and made illegal. Now if this was done by a small group, who placed it through in a secretive fashion, that it would not been seen or noticed, than despite democracy, is there not grounds for prison for those who placed such in the legislature of a country where most people are believing in a religion? Now such is not a small thing, but a thing not seen often on Earth, that in days of Abishag being leader of the meeting place this decree was already in place in some places, that religious writing could be declared wrong, and the person who wrote it placed in prison and fined. Now prior to Abishag being leader of the meeting place, there were many places in Salem where the decree was so, and not by the will of the people, who were given the kingship by David.

Now democracy is not exploiting with misdirection, that those with legislature that removes rights should be discussed when there is emergency to exploit. But is it not better discussed, if it should be, when there is peace and no evil, if there is a thing of legislature? Now the angel has liked the freedom of religion of democracy, and yet in all places in Salem, it is not free at the time that Abishag is leader of the meeting place.

Now the priest-hood, even, is religion, that it is a thing of the Lord, that they are only evil to Egypt, and Egypt, Israel, and Salem, are not political ideologies or parties. Now if America says it is wrong to have the priests, yet there has not been slavery in Salem, and is their conscience not guilty that they indulge many things no country should? But having a guilty conscience, they are turned towards compromise.

Now would it not be better for the propaganda against the priest-hood should cease, that even many fair shaded not be frightened of the priest-hood? But if some things they have are for might and other things for societal matters, are they not also to be understood as to be for good, and the goodness of the fair shaded that there is no other things aside from it.

Now Asaph too has spoken of slaves, for you use a device to garden, and should you bow to it? But it is a piece of wood, or a thing of stone, and Asaph said to some of the people, you are gods, that these know nothing and understand nothing, and people had bowed themselves to slaves, to things for devices to be used in work, that the Lord judges among the slaves, the gods who know nothing and understand nothing, who are impious, and in the way of foolish gods who understand nothing, for even if they were gods, they would foolish gods and the people would revolt against them, for they would have to. Now be not a god, that is a slave who is meant for the field and the chain, who is brutal and impious, who is for bullying and meanness that is not of a bully, for a bully, of a house of kindness and righteousness, it is not the same as a bully of a house of cruelty and this type of meanness. But the slave is a bully of cruelty and meanness, a brute thing and without mercy and without relenting.

Now if the labour given to some women is cruel and hardship that it forces them into spiritual prostitution, then by understanding it is better that it not be so for her, if she is unwilling, and there is means to relieve her, that she is not given things that are spiritual prostitution, that you have a society considerate of religion and the spiritual, for Salem is not Egypt.

Now it is not often making sense to fight a battle your side has already won, that contentions between the wise are king rebuke among those who understand, that the wise, too, are rebuked, and the wise are loving those who rebuke them, for by advice, it is good, and the land is good.

Now Asaph and his sarcasm to others is flirting with blasphemy, and yet the whole of what he says, in context, cannot be broken, that it be broken into smaller pieces, for it is not scripture anymore when this occurs. But if Asaph flirted with blasphemy and it is in the book of the scriptures, and right to be there, how will any accuse the blameless of blasphemy, because they say, I am the son of God? But if he is fullfilling on land, and has fullfilled, then it is so, for the Lord is in Heaven, and he who fullfills is being what indeed they are. Now who is able to fullfill as the Christ has fullfilled, to go upon the a suicide mission, to be the good shepard, who being the rightful shepard, has laid down his life for the sheep, has remained with them, to even lay down his life? But he fullfilled all, submitting to the Lord, unto the end, when it was finished, to submit himself to death, if it would be so, in order to obey the Lord and fullfill all. Now on the third day he rose from the dead, being blameless, having fullfilled all, that death could not keep him, for what death did He have in Him? But Elijah was taken up to Heaven in a fiery chariot, and his identity and spirit was passed on to Elisha. Now his spirit returned for the mission, that he might prepare the way, proceeding the Christ, and he died first, and the Christ, having fulfilled all, died second. Now what other being of Heaven has laid down his life for people who all have faults in them? But if the angel has combat with the devil, and the cold war with him, yet has an angel ever laid down their life for those who have faults? But if they have fought to the end, staying the course for war, still it is not as the Christ, who fullfilled all, fullfilling the fullness of righteousness, to be without fault, for fault is found by the Lord even with the angels. Now what person is able to critisize an angel? But it is small children, not even five years of age, that all else of humanity is falling far short of being able to offer a word, unless it is blasphemy, that the innocence of the small child's criticism and questioning is blameless.

Now Enoch, seventh from Adam, is he not emerged again on Earth? Now he is not any of Noah's sons, and has the Lord even done so by what they call genetics, that he has even purified Enoch in this way that some are not in any way Noah's sons? But even if not by genetics, it is still so, and the Lord is able. Now why will Enoch, seventh from Adam, deal with Babylonian Nimrods, or Jewish Nimrods, or Nimrods of Babel, or any Nimrod who is existing, for there are foolish and wicked Nimrods among the women of a good people, and why they should behave themselves foolishly without consulting anyone as to their actions, is unknown, or why they should let go, to have no impulse control, to carry out the wickedness of slaves, to attempt to disturb like wicked pecking birds of Sodom, and a people who shoot arrows and who attack with wicked strategy and foolishness, like creatures from an evil cave, come out to attack and to peck and kill, the angel does not know. For the Nimrods are people sometimes, and not always Nimrods, and they are transforming themselves, like shape-shifters, into intolerable foolish birds, large and with sharp beaks, swooping and attacking with sharp beaks and idiocy and harassments, and all types of foolish and idiotic evil, that these are like some other form of teradacto, shape-shifting from people, to swoop over the land? Now why have you harassed Enoch, or any of those who please the Lord? But you are able to know when one is wicked, and when one is a person who pleases the Lord, whether a true Enoch, or another person who is good, that the large birds, or teradactos of a type, have transformed by shape-shifting, by becoming evil things and as if foolish things, that they shape-shift into the stupid and foolish form, that they become fools and stupid, and at times even deadly, for they will not relent, having the morality of large dragons and killing animals, and yet by the fear of God, there is morality with men who are worthy to be slave owners. Now why does any attack a true Enoch in this way, when it is perceived they are a true Enoch. For though there are wicked fallen away from the true Enoch among the Enoch and emerging from them in places, yet it is understood when a person is what is pleasing the Lord. Now let the satan, a serpant who is not as close to the dust, for he is not having the curse of the devil, reason with you in this matter, that was Enoch not a sign, and a sign of a people who were seventh from Adam, who seek wisdom of nature, and nature is part of their spirituality more so than for other people? Now the serpent is come as a fair shaded, that he is truly so, and Enoch is seventh from Adam, a person who when they are truly an Enoch, is pleasing the Lord. Now are there not even some from Noah's sons, who feel more comfortable and right in the spirituality of the Enoch? But they do not really worship nature, for such is another group that has rebellion like witch-craft.


-------Can't complete-------

Now the group who practised rebellion like witch-craft, by the finite things of a man, and what a man is, they took nothing to mean anything, and did not even take the concept of marriage seriously, that there was the treating of marriage, and women like worthless prostitutes, with marriage meaning nothing, but a payment of prostitution, for marriage, when there is really love that a man in in love, for men, too can attest to it, there is not any man who will allow his wife to be a prostitute, for he loves her, and she is his. Now this wicked and rebellious people, practising rebellion like witch-craft, and desecrating serious concepts, to be truly like a very unknowing and childish people, with understanding of small children, who take nothing seriously, not relationships with girls, as children when they are boys are not really able to take such things seriously, that they were rebellious and unknowing people, lacking understanding and living without enlightenment, base at times, wicked, and rebellious, worshipping things and stumbling into all matters of harmful cults without knowing what would hurt them and what would not, practising prostitution without knowing prostitution, and hiring prostitutes without the exchange of goods, but only lies and gestures, as payment, to offer marriage even, as if marriage was a meaningless thing. For these were a people not wise, but like reckless and chaotic children, let loose into nature without parents, murdering, slandering, deceiving, and stealing. Now yet still, the men were men, and the women were women, and yet there was anarchy and some form of order by the practise of religions they formed which they did not know would be harmful to them. Now far from the seventh of Adam were these people.

--------------Can't complete------

Now the most dangerous period, at times, is when there are fortresses and cold war, that Babylon emerges out of hell and grows into fortresses in places, and will David defend it if it is attacked? But is he not one of the people, and Babylon is an enemy from hell, that it is foreign, and it attacks David's people, for it attacks all the people. Now let there be council to David, that Babylon is not part of your nation, for it disguising itself and lies, that it is horribly wicked, though often making its case with politeness and polite arguments that deceive, that David is king, and none can stop him from taking action in anything, for he requires no permission, and who can come to his gates and demand that any should be surrendered? But it is a thing of soldiers who are as spies in a nation, to infiltrate government and then go to the gates of soldiers to ask that the most mighty of them be surrendered so that they might be removed from war, or disabled with medicines, for the enemy studies the cowardly tactics of cold war. 
	Now if when there is cold war mostly, it is often a more dangerous time, for secret missions are carried out by fortresses against citizens, and cowardly murders take place with false flags and much cover of deception, that when a person defends themselves or defends others, or takes action, then soldiers of cities are coming, or other soldiers, that there is not open war, and they may be arrested and imprisoned. Now such is not a time of peace and prosperity, but it is a time of dungeons and assassins, and cowardly murders, of brief times of combat, and much treachery with soldiers of cities and in many places. Now let not any Babylonian place a spell upon you, to remove your sight, to believe that the council is not sound reason, that reason can understand, that the Babylonian spreads a charm to say, yet it is not your ways or society that the council offers you, and yet the Babylonians are carrying out wickedness that they are those who are not your ways and your society, for they come like suicidal spies, setting up fortresses within a nation, growing up out of hell, and they are bold, brave by the devil to lie and slander, even to lie and slander to David. Now their charms of deception are as silver and pure water that is poisoned, to numb the reason and push you away from the truth, for it is a poison, and a charm they cast with their lips, by the devil. Now also they use long speeches of confusion, to cast a charm, to numb and make the truth of discussions as if nothing, and disappearing, that their long speeches of confusion, as if reasonable, cast a charm. Now be Jews, then, and strong in intelligence, or Salem, or Christian, or any good thing. Now their words are low and foolish, of the lowness of an unintelligent thing, and yet seeming intelligent and even with goodness, because of the complexity and politeness of their speeches. Now when they are being polite, it is with the charms of the devil, that true politeness of the wise is with reason and truth. Now why will David defend Babylon anywhere, even though Babylon asks for assistance? But would it not only be with nuance, to save some who are innocent, who are among them? For they use human shields in this way. Now Babylon exploits the people, and those you have given the kingship to, your heir, and they will kill as many as they wish to, if only for money, and not much money, for money is not even the motive, but only an excuse to do the work of the devil, who is really that which they serve and who they believe in. For many of them have said, I will become rich only by being evil. And this, too, they know is foolishness, that it is only an excuse to do the work of the devil.
	Now the angel has seen it too many times with his own eyes that Babylonians are more greatly for torturing and abusing the elderly, because of the weakness of their body, that far more often it is the elderly that they will attack most, that they possess in them a seeming insatiable rage to torture and abuse, rebelling against the concept of an authority, what is honourable, to abuse and torture the elderly with even prolonged tortures that are from the sickness and perversity of their perversities and wickedness. Now do they not know the young will not be held accountable, for if they abuse them, yet do they not fear they will be declared insane, if in their fortresses they abuse them, and the young, being able of body, are coming upon them to kill them? But the elderly they do not fear, and upon perceiving that their children are resentful, like animals they say, there is no danger, that they torture and abuse, rebelling against what they have said, is like authority that they are with insatiable anger. Now upon being questioned, they lie, and spread charms, and they are people with a great book of excuses to draw from when they are questioned, that by two excuses, they are guilty, but by three or four and justice relents against them, that there is no consequence. Now many elderly have been tortured, and abused, and many sexually assaulted, harassed, disrespected, molested by strong and young when force is not required, that the young are seeming to have no wisdom, as the sign of Solomon has, to care for the elderly, for they escalate when there is no cause, and do not yield when there is no requirement for molestation by the strong, that they exploit such things at times, because they desire to abuse. Now most of the abuses are carried out against the elderly, and there is much rage against them, as the elder generations who represent much that some are against, that there is great foolishness in it. Now the angel has seen it many times with his own eyes, and the sign of Solomon is reporting and complaining of the abuse he sees against the elderly, and yet the complaints are upon deaf ears, and complaints disappear into nothing.
	Now have they not done the same to soldiers when they are injured, or elderly, for they say, all support our soldiers, and yet the hearts of some are with great hate towards them, that they shut their mouths about it, and do not tell others of their hatred towards the brave, and towards soldiers.

Now the priest-hood is not Babylon and Babylon is a problem for the priest-hood as they are a problem for all people. Now without knowledge, the priest-hood is despised by some, and it is slandered always when depicted by the strong hand, for the strong hand is much for the direction of Egypt and even many Hebrew Jews are entering back into Egypt, finding the lesser enlightenment of Egypt to be acceptable. Now to all those who must dwell in Egypt, if you are for the greater enlightenment that is not a political ideology or party, place the blood above your door and keep it always, for some have disowned children who were priests because of Egypt, and daughters and even sons have had anxiety when they agreed with their parent about something, that they wondered if their parent did wrong when what was done was acceptable.

Now do those with outer body experiences receive a prophecy, as a great dream, in some way, that the Lord has chosen them for a special purpose to give insight into what is hard to know for any person on Earth, even by the seeking of wisdom? But if some tales are false, and yet many true, then is it still not prudent to be compiling these stories and that the public can read them or hear them told if it was wanted, and if those who tell the stories are agreeing to it?

Now some spirits are spending a time on Earth, and is it not for a purpose, to dwell in bodies that decay and die, and they are spirits from heaven. Now let it be so for you that you are as those ascending and descending again, going to heaven and returning, for your hearts are in heaven as your treasures are, that you are in many ways already there. Now if any breaks with Sufism, that they are a Sufi of Christianity, and it is written, The kingdom of Heaven is within you, that all things are within the person, that they are this type of Christian, that some break with it to perform things on land, that they are not being a Sufi as much or at all, and yet they desire to return to being a Sufi, then if for some reason they are not able to return, which seems likely, then Heaven is still waiting for them, and they are performing on land. Now it is very Christian, indeed, to be a Sufi Christian, who has the kingdom of Heaven within them.

Now for a person to have a strong impulse to have an opinion on all things, and the opinions are ignorant, and based on nothing, and yet they have a firm opinion, is it not an unwell person of mind? But such can be found with the man and woman.

Now why will any blaspheme good and right things given, or good and right concepts, or the giving of wisdom? But if the work is not for the woman, she believes, and perceiving, being able to perceive, not right for the man who is coming near, than does she not then go to a person for whom it is right, who is finding such work acceptable to them, that they are able to receive their reward and their portion? But why will any make a foolish spectacle of themselves? Now the giving of wisdom is not for blaspheming good and right things that are given by treating such as if it were a game, or a technical thing. But why will any make themselves a foolish spectacle? Now the woman with a statue, is her husband even a prophet? But there are even women who are queens, who are able to give greatly, to attain a greater morality that she is as if noted from the sky as a queen among the people. Now she is able to care for others, is she not, and watch over and show endurance in integrity, that she is a beautiful woman of integrity, even of endurance.

Now why will any attempt to cure the resting place of justice and righteousness, that you harass the youngest daughter, when she is having a virtuous older sister who she is finding it hard to compete with, because the youngest is seeming difficult because of it? But why will you harass the parents, when there are things that are the resting place of righteousness? But where there is abuse, there do you not attempt to aid, if you can, for you aid the Lord when you remove abuse.

Now do you not praise the daughter, when she is becoming a woman truly, of the type who has a statue, for it is a good thing, and many harmless things are carried out while it happens, that the daughter is blessed in what is good.

Now there is a woman who desires to care for a man to a degree, that if she is even struck occasionally, she is wanting to handle the matter on her own, that she has chosen the man because he is unruly in a fashion, for this type of man she desires, and she has chosen him ahead of time, even, knowing of things he might do, but not being much abused, and dealing with what is acceptable for her, she is wishing to handle matters on her own, for her love is much for him and the type of unruly person he is, that she does not desire one who is always gentle in such matters, and keeping out of activities that make them a vexation for soldiers of cities. Now why will you incline your ear to Jeroboam, who has made base things to be in sacred places? But for the sake of his being righteous in much, still I will not write anything against him, only that understanding is better, and wisdom, that you not commit the error of Absolom who slew his brother when there was a difficult matter, for he did not truly force his sister, except by show of it, for she was a celebit and his sister, and the two loved each other, and it was still the case of such when Absolom slew his brother. Now rather, take wisdom from good understanding, that you not profane wisdom and understanding, that you are knowing how and when to go about handling matters, that you be holy even in such things. Now an angry prostitute lifts up her voice, in wrath, and yet it is not good for any man to be dwelling with her, for her heart does not love, and she is not the wife.

Now what woman is hating her husband that she wants him to work until he drops dead from exhaustion? But if one is ungrateful it is the other, sometimes, who could have better and deserves better.

Now there have been some woman, liking to work and do what is good for attaining money, that she is wanting more to take care of a man who is a little unruly, that he be hers, that she works, and he is being unruly, for she is fearing the Lord, and her heart is with love.

Now if any is such that they believe they must be the provider in terms of money, that some things of understanding are lacking in this area, for the foolishness of the age conceals some things.

Now slaves, male or female, scorn lack of work when it is not having to be, and Babylon has said with the devil, work them to death that they may not please the Lord, or have spirituality, for if they cannot be killed, than work them towards it.  

Now by resistance, a kite is rising, and by contention, a thing is sometimes succeeding. Now where no breeze is, the kite lays without profit, for it remains idle upon the ground.

Now if the limit is reached, the wave turns back, but there are those things becoming greater and greater. Now there is the new area of the wave that is reached that is sometimes more agreeable that the wave remains at a better area. Now make rich this area, for it is good.

Now the good seed fell upon scorched and dry ground and the ground did not take it in, and there was no life in the ground that the seed would grow there. Now there is not judgment, from the angel, for this thing.

Now wicked fools have taken for granted the ground they walk on, that they strain the system and cause evil by their removal of freedoms, by removing standard things.

Now if criminals take for granted the ground they walk on, being greater criminals, that their wrong is more than small, that they are being obnoxious and insolent towards what supports them, then they take for granted what is not, for they believe in ground where there is an open pit.

Now free speech is a core thing of democracy, and yet the indulgence of wicked criminals is not.

Now if communism is temporary and happens when capitalism fails in an area, then why will any who have benefited well in capitalism take for granted the ground they walk on? But the economy must work that the system does not collapse.

Now will not the corporation be grateful for democracy, that they are able to profit in it, that they respect the citizen?

Now if the heart of a person is bonded with the devil, then they are for carrying out the devil's will, regardless of how imprudent, or foolish it is seeming for them, for they are more for another, the devil, than for themselves, to do what is even unreasonable for them at times.

Now if a person will not perform the will of the devil, than is the devil able to give them anything, by right, or permission, that they may be given things from demons, even abilities, that they will not also perform the will of the devil's wishes? Now if any is given some power by the devil, than is it not only given if the person will perform the work of the devil?

Those who do good are good, for people are known for what they perform, whether it be good or evil.

Now if a demon is in a person to disable some the person it is with, how is it then good for them to be practising any religion of Babylon? But in what way are such things even judged? But there are those who seek out demons, and they are wanting the gifts of such and what will be for the devil's work, for the devil is not divided against his own house, and yet if one is disabled, this is the devil's work against that person.


Now the second order is changing hands, and if it exists, and does, what profit does it have from anything performed before it changed hands? But the hands of the second order perform one thing and do the opposite, so that one season is dangerous and another season for prospering and good. Now it is the thing of democracy, that it is the second order that is made up of many things, and what moves it heart, or if there are general things of it, is not always known, for at times it might be it does not even exist and at other times, it is strong and apparent. Now it is like clouds, like famine, like rain, like storms, like great wind, like small wind, and it leaves some and destroys other things, and what is the profit for it? But it changes hands soon, and nothing is gained or lost, and it is seeming pointless and bad luck or good luck, for it does not profit with regards to the Earth entire. Now what are those controlling the wind? Which of those are controlling the rain? Which are controlling sunlight? For it changes hands, and who does it serve? But does not the Lord judge it, whether it is good or evil? For a second climate it is, and a created system that is more powerful than the climate that is portrayed, and it topples and rains on some, and it is unjust, chaotic, sending rain one place and not to another, not being great as God, but being reckless, foolish, senseless. Now it is seeming luck, whether good or bad, that it is elements of another weather system.

Now more than half a nation fought a war and lost countless lives to free a people enslaved, and many nations fought a war and lost countless lives of a righteous people to save Hebrew Jews from all being killed. Now the priest-hood has said both these people must stay back, and to one, not always as much, and to another, in places, they may not enter unless there is reasonable business, and it is according to the priest-hood, that the angel does not speak for them in these things, for at times, they may not not enter at all, and must remain outside, for the sake of the Lord and the people he has established, and for the sake of the Lord and the people he has established, another people must even depart, they might say. Now Israel presently does not welcome outsiders and in ancient times the Jews did not permit the marriage with other people and outsiders were not welcome much, for the sake of the Lord, by the commands of Moses, for a people that the Lord had established. Now the Lord has other children, and other people, and they are another people of Abraham, and it is likewise for them as it is for the Hebrew Jews, that though many do not hate the Hebrew Jews, yet for the sake of the Lord, and His people, they must keep away from another of the Lord's people, and it is so for Salem, and yet to Egypt it is an abomination. Now if another people are even good and much blameless, that they too have been held back and troubled greatly, even greater, by that which is Sodom and Egypt, yet it is still the case that they will likely, by reason, never be able to properly prosper without difficulty in a land where the slave owners were enslaved with the slaves, for they have decided to remain, and two people groups from them have hated Egypt, and its foolish words, even detested to use the word 'racism' that is an Egyptian word, for they are not Egyptian.
	Now there is that racism that is actually respect of another people group, and this racism, and level of racism, it is good and respectful, to be wise and good. Now what was meant by 'racism' was those acts of idle evil towards another, for no reason, and yet only due to an evil coming from idle things, that there is no cause and no purpose and no instigation, that it is a real thing, and that there is prejudice, that the weight is not just, and this too is 'racism' that the word, being Egyptian, is still acceptable by the enlightenment of Egypt, and yet does not grasp the greater thing, which is it is not likely it can be otherwise, for people are finite, and only so much can be asked, that by reason, it cannot be otherwise that there will not be prejudice when a people were enslaved in the nation in which they remain, where with reason, honouring the successful, there is suggestion of Exodus for the sake of two good people, also, that no grudge was against them, only they will likely receive prejudice towards them if they remain. Now the priest-hood, does it not say, yet Salem has never had slaves, and it must progress and advance, and obey the Lord, and it cannot be inhibited by Egypt? But the priest-hood is already persecuted because of the ideologies of Egypt, and many of those things coming from other nations, and not from Salem.

Now Sodom and Egypt has mocked the goodness of the fair shade and their goodness towards those in distress, and all of the goodness that is wisdom and being good, scorning what is not wicked, because they have at times offered the branch of peace to the violent and wicked who do not desire peace. Now the angel was required, were they not, to write it, and to perform it, that none who were men and women were able to perform it, for though they might have known, and spoke it politely and with reason, still it fell short. Now the angel is innocent and is against Babylon and as for the exodus of the dark shade, what man or woman was able to mention it? But the angel was the sign of Prince Rellium in his youth, having the branch of peace towards all people, being for the aid of them all. Now on the waiting list, not deployed, as the soldiers of Earth would call it, he was as a Sufi Christian, which is very Christian, and only indulging in romantic love, and keeping from doing much in the world, not even those actions that aid others by offering work for nothing in return, and there was much care from Heaven over him, that he was given luxuries of kings, almost everything his heart desired that was not Babylon, but are riches and good things and rewards that cannot be bought with money, so that all the rich things of Heaven, and its riches, did not seem to be withheld from him, and he was provided for, and given love and kindness in every direction, and encouragement and peace round about, that he received which is like a paradise on Earth, and it was so for some time, and he was not deployed, and yet when the time of war came, when he was given to perform, indeed the sky changed from one side to the other, and arrows came down, and the atmosphere about him was with much hostility, and the Earth became a place for endurance, for discipline, that what was in one direction was in the opposite direction, and as much as he had been in paradise, it seemed then almost as much, he was in place of endurance and a place of evils and even fighting, and harassment were about, and arrows seemed to come, and birds with sharp beaks chased him in places, and the sky was evil for him, and he turned more to the Lord then than he had ever turned towards the Lord, for romantic love seemed less possible, and indeed there was too much evil to indulge in much of anything.
	Now to David, does not Heaven have much of the same things that you have? But there are many things and rich abundance, and the angel is young, a child by years of angels, and does not know all.
	Now the Egyptians were calling good to be evil and by the mixing of wickedness and injustice with compassion, they called good to be evil much and condemned truth. Now there was no political party or ideology for these things, and Egypt is not secular humanism, or anything men or women have named. Now the selfish will fight the Lord if there is profit, will they not? But there has already been great loss of life, rape of women, injuries, poisoning, extortion, and all types of corruption, that cities have fallen to misery and wickedness, and nations have incurred much harm.
	Now was not an angel required to explain, for the priests have even required some clarity, though they are priests, and made so by the Lord. Now the priests should not be against cross-dressing, for they do not know what the fashion will be, and many are for different things other than the norm, and yet what is cross-dressing by Moses? But by the degree, it is not light things, but it is wearing a dress, and there is perhaps nothing else that can even be so by your fashion, that if any is against this thing, then the angel is not rebuking them, or giving advice against them being against this thing, but there is no other thing at the time the angel came, and who can know what fashions will be, and what some will wish to do? Now children of angels, also, are those who are often pushing fashion further, and it is a thing of white people, and is it not good? But as for hair, who is so foolish to think that the Lord is against long hair? But false-priests have been among you, fools who are deserving to be with the lowest shelf of Orgoth, Orgoth's servant, for men, especially, should not be harassing men in this way, that it is seeming perversity when it is earnest, and is a thing of combat, of prisoners as well. Now if the priests have a tradition, than that is for them, but as for those not priests, there is nothing forbidding them from having their hair as long as they please. Now a priest wrongly placed in prison, who is wrongly placed by Egypt at the lowest shelf of Orgoth, are they not in the likeness of a man who has defended a boy from what is despicable or disgusting, that he has shown care for the boy. But this is also a person against the false-priest, is it not, who is criticizing men, and often young men, on things that are not right for them to criticize. Now if any is against criminal gangs, that they detest something of fashion, than it is because of the wickedness of criminal gangs, that they are not often those who hate the young men, still youths, who have taken fashion that is similar, even if there is misunderstanding to it, for the perception is against wickedness of criminal gangs. Now even men can be a little like priests, at times, and yet it is good to be showing goodness to the youths, is it not? Now they are still their own people, and not members of those criminal gangs, and the youths are being youths in these things, and so are adults, that there is no telling, perhaps, what the fashions will be.
	Now it is believed by Lucifer, at least, that the children of angels are being like the angels in some ways, for Lucifer, at least, does not dress as much as like men and women are normally given to dress, and yet are not the children of angels even more so in such directions? But some quite far. Now they are cool, the children of angels, or so the angel believes. Now the priests must know not to criminally harass their own people in anything, for some are more sensitive, and most are sensitive, and also it is sowing dislike of the priests. Now I would advice them to be diligent to quickly remedy and remove any criminal harassment that the people not dislike them and they not trouble their own people. Now what is white culture? But it is goodness, and nothing more, for culture and fashions are changing always, and why mention culture. But what are white people? But they are white, and have they not been for good? But the bad among the fair is the anti-hero, and he is not the rapist, the child abuser, or the pedophile, or the extortioner, or those who offer bribes for wickedness against the good.

Now to enter the realm of cognitive ability, or sentient comprehension, is not a realm of philosophy or wisdom, or even of speech among people, and anything even of animals, but such is a thing studied greatly with the use many technologies and scientific experiments, and the pondering of the body and much research, that it is science, and science is not philosophy or wisdom, or even speech among people. Now there are very times when a person has a cognitive impairment that is quite severe, and such is not a mental illness, and being unaware of it, they are criticizing with much with concepts below comprehension that they question and challenge philosophy and understanding, and things of truth with what has come from their cognitive impairment. Now it is not science to have a cognitive impairment, but a cognitive impairment is a thing known by science, and cognitive ability is a thing studied by science, and science is in a separate realm from philosophy and wisdom. Now when a person sees a tree, if there is nothing to suggest otherwise, they assume it is a tree, and call it a tree. Now when a person sees a hill, they assume is a hill, and call it a hill. Now even this is not wisdom. But bodies are the Temple, and in the body is the soul, the heart, and many things that are spiritual. Now it is good for scientists to be studying the body, and yet it is the body they study that they are in a very different area. Now I do not know everything about the body, and I do not attempt to deceive in this way towards those who I guess may be naive to what I know. Now it is also right that scientists say they do not know everything in areas where they are not able to go with science, and not attempt to deceive if they guess that others do not know what they would not know, to give them the impression they are knowing things that cannot be known with science. Now science is the study of the body, and psychology, the digression of sentience and what is perceived instantaneously, and carried out without full consciousness, that it might be broken down, descending from sentience, so that it might be better communicated. Now it descends, psychology, and other science is the study of the body, and some psychologists are also studying the body. Now both these things descend, and one is already descended, for an ignorant teacher, who deceives, to say they can know what they cannot know by their methods and science, this is a person who it is perhaps good, is not speaking with the assumption that others do not know what they are able to know with their science, for such can even be bullying, when the assumption is that others are ignorant in something, and if the lie must continue, once mentioned, indeed, will there not be bullying?
	But if philosophers and those of religion include some science in what they write and speak, it is not to say they are scientists, or to suggest they are scientists in any way, for they receive aid from Babel, with all of its insights into signs and things of the body and the Universe, that they offer spiritual people and philosophers much aid and things they are sometimes wanting to know.

Now as far as I can understand, hate-speech is a broad term that blasphemes religion, by calling it hate, and places religion with other things that it is included with hate speech, and yet free-speech is a core thing of democracy without which there is a true democracy present by the standards of those who introduced democracy. Now if a scoundrel has secretly put in such evil that forbids religion in many ways, then will the people responsible for it not be placed in prison? For it is not a thing of corruption, but a thing of a grand plot against democracy and all the people to treat the meeting place in such a way. Now the people are given the kingship of Salem, and David has given it to them, for none can stop David, who is still king, from taking any action even in his own nation, but he has given the kingship to the people, and most of the people are believing in a religion.

Now has a Pharasee infiltrated the Christian church in some way to place some letters among the others that are not written by the disciples. But if Paul has existed and was a disciple, yet are some of the words written in places in the letters having been changed to turn people away from Christianity, that Christianity was discouraged? Now there are advantages to being Christian and advantageous to Christian who are circumcised of heart, and the Salem Jews, that all are having their advantages, are they not? Now as for the Hebrew Jews, them who believe, and are having belief, these are more tolerable in spirit to the angel, that they are well to the angel, and good, and yet those not having much belief, they are like soldiers who should be killed. Now as for the angel, is it not good that those having belief are realizing the angel is believing it well that you not care one way or the other whether is is what is claimed, for what does it matter, yet men work with men, and the goodness is much the same, and is this not what the angel expects of all people, that they do not care one way or the other whether the angel is what is claimed? But such is the case. For who is bowing to the wisdom that is offered? But fault is found even with the angels. Now those Jews with belief, being naive, as they call it, these are what the angel is considering to be Hebrew Jews, and yet with much disbelief, these are like enemy soldiers to him, and if they are being impious, than they are like gods, which is to say slaves, that they are the slaves, to him, of another people, and yet even worse than this, to him. For the angel does not know them, and does not know the Jews, with them, that he cannot recongize them as Hebrew Jews, for if they will speak blasphemy and impious, yet they do not speak as Jews, but as the worse slaves who know nothing and understand nothing, that they give strong opinions and arrogance in their ignorance. Now of course such is insolence, and yet it is another thing with Jews who have belief, for they have belief and are not caring if the claims are true or not. Now such is well with the angel.

Now there was perceived a plague of Mala, that the angel called Lodim-vog that made many lacking some reason, that they would lose impulse control and ability to weigh the weight of matters, to act out many things and yet their actions were not perceived as pointless or not worth what they did because of Lodim-vog, for even small grievances were bringing great passion and actions were carried out that would be pointless. Now was it not good then, for some who had not been struck with the plague, to be going to the Ark, or some place away from the plague, to separate themselves from the people, because of the plague? 

Now the slaves of the lowest shelf or Ogoth, Orgoth's servant, that is servant to the two higher sons of Orgoth, these are igno-slacks, with congnitive impairments that are fairly severe, or very severe, and violent. Now igno-slack means 'nigger' but with no racial element to it, for racial things had been attached at the time this was written. Now the slaves at the lowest shelf of Orgoth are not mentally ill, in truth, although they are sometimes considered before it is clear they are having no mental illness. For they are igno-slacks, and more or less, and sometimes much so, and they are having cognitive impairments, that it is like great inability to understand many things, and if violence is added to this, that they are violent, indeed they are not able to be slaves in the same way even in the places where soldiers guard slaves for the harder work of slaves. But in these places the violent who are at the middle-shelf, who are violent as if without cause, for not much cause is required, that they are violent 'sociopaths' and proven to be violent without reason or much cause, these violent are as noble people in comparison to the slaves of the lowest shelf, are they not? For even in their violent words, there is some sense of morality brought from the lips of the second shelf, that the second shelf is at least seeming to care for morality, even if they cannot be trusted. Now there is a large difference, in earnest, that it is like a large gap between the second shelf and the lowest shelf, for the gap is seeming to be large, and the lowest shelf is servant to the the two higher shelves. Now if it has been mentioned that there are many who have been terrorists from the second shelf, when the terrorism was sowing discord, as false-flag attacks where another people seemed responsible, that they would be attacked because of the false-flag, than it is indeed true that the second shelf is capable of being terrorists of this type. Now as for matters where there has been injustice and attacks, and a person acts with self-defense, having been attacked, here is an ancient thing and a thing in modern times, and a thing of soldiers, even, that they can understand, that you not be a brutal and unjust people because of the ideologies of Egypt, that you know what is attacking good people that you reason and understand how to make peace, for things of Egypt have made some like fools, that they commit great injustice and then add to the injustice by calling them would defend themselves offenders. Now what people would be this brutal?

Now a people with belief is not sure if it is true or not, but they do not care if it is true or not, when there is the claim of what the angel is, and do not care one way or the other. Now America is a people of belief as well, except they place themselves a little before the Lord and his opinions, and likewise there are some in Israel who place themselves as greater priority than the Lord and His opinion and judgment. Now that is to say, some of their opinions, are they the Lord's. Now when America places themselves and their will and opinions as greater priority than the opinions of the Lord and His judgments, and they do so greatly, why do they believe then, and say, the Lord is on our side? But it is not good to be as the luke-warm, who blaspheme in their prayers. But better to be as the atheist, or them who fear God, to admit they having done wickedness.

Now the common slave, perhaps called the gardening slave, or the field slave, who is impious that they are saying work to those worthy to be slave owners, and they are brutal and impious, and stubborn to an extreme, that words will do nothing to them, for they can only be corrected by the whip or the lashes of a chain or physical wrangling, these are the slaves of the highest shelf of Orgoth, and only a slave can be a slave, that a man or woman is obvious and apparent, immediatly, and it is not even good to be forcing a woman to incur the abuse of a prostitute, spiritually, by hardship and cruelty, of an abundance of cruel and hard things given to her, and as for men, it is not good to giving any work they are not suited for, that those who enjoy the work be able to receive the reward. Now this is not taken without common sense and reason, for when do not all stray a little from their normal tasks that they are suited for? Only a society that cares for and respects spirituality is able to be considerate of these things.

Now for a man, a slave owner's slaves usually come to him. Now when there is a bond servant, their soul and heart desires to be raped by the man, and all possessions, wife and children, and all that he owns, is given to the slave owner that he becomes a bond servant. Now a person from any shade is respecting themselves and respecting others, and yet with a bond servant boundaries are not respected that by the heart and soul that is unknown, the bond is made, that it is the Lord. Now there is nothing the slave owner can do, for it is the Lord. Now why is any of the dark shade becoming a bond servant to them who are fair shade? But it has been unavoidable and the bond is made. Now when the bond is made, afterwards, the dark shade that has bonded is becoming a bond servant who is fair shade, that he is made a fair shade as a bond servant to the slave owner who is fair, and it is as if then he who was dark shade is friend to the man who is fair, and the bond servant has become fair shade. Now then when he is serving, the fair shade bond servant will have his wife and his children and will be bond to the slave owner as bond servant. Now it will then be said, will it not, yet the man who is bond servant, for some of them have been criminals prior, and it will be said, this man has committed many crimes, murders and other crimes, and yet he is now clean, being a bond servant, that he is made clean from all his crimes and cannot be punished anymore. Now if the heart of a criminal has done this thing, it is because his soul and heart has desired to be clean and made innocent of crimes he has committed, is it not? 

Now as for Noah's son who is on the lowest shelf, are not the two who are on the higher shelves becoming tired of being molested by his wicked mouth? For I speak of Salem people, when I say molested, for it is not Egypt or the Salem Jews. For his mouth is bringing forth rebellion and wickedness, for why is there rebellion found with it? But because he has been made servant to the two higher shelves there is rebellion bringing forth wickedness, for there should not be rebellion found with him, except he is servant to the two higher shelves. Now from rebellion of his heart comes forth wicked dessecrations of the two higher shelves, that the two on the higher shelves, have they not become tired of his perversities, and wickedness that he says about them? But his mouth is that of a sicophant, for he is sicophantic, and towards Japeth, the beautiful, he is sicophantic, because of the beauty, and also towards Shem, likewise. Now lack of decency is found with his mouth, and he is sicophantic much towards beauty and goodness, and he has also called good to be evil, that goodness he is sicophantic towards, for by the rebellion of his heart, he has corrupted much, and spoken wickedly much. Now in his dessecrations blood-shed is found on his lips, and those among him who are silent, give his mouth support, in peace, for they have nothing against the mouth of him, that they take peace, and are not against his mouth that dessecrates and is sicophantic. Now they are partnered in this, and do not have the spiritual awareness to sense the injustice of this, and the injustice of some other things, that it is well with them, the mouth that is wicked next to them, that it does not disturb their peace or cause them trouble, or any guilt by which they might rebuke the mouth next to them. Now both are partnered in this, and are wicked. Now there is no victory in the war with God, and what is by the Lord, yet the two of the higher shelves cannot undo it, nor can they remove a single thing from the word that is scripture. Now in their rebellion they rebel against the Lord, to fight the Lord, and yet it is a perverse thing, for men have not done it, for what can men do to make them something else, if they are not pleased? Now it is not a right punishment to be enslaving slave owners among them because of the mouth that is next to them, with which they have peace and no guilt, and with those not found with rebellion, who were not at peace with the mouth next to them, who hated it, and were seperated from it, and went away to be with Shem or with Japeth, now I considered, these are Shem, for by the truth, and by Mala, it was seen with these, that they must be Shem, and why were they confused with the others? For they were seperated from the mouth of the wicked, that they did not have peace, or benifit from it, but if they had peace, still they were not with it, but went to Shem, or the Japeth, to be against the mouth and be supportive of Shem or Japeth with full loyalty to Shem or Japeth. Now who are these? But I could not deny the truth, but they must be Shem, and yet because they were darker in shade, yet the dark shade had believed them to be theirs, and Shem and Japeth, yet they would be ashamed to not know, and the angel would not even know, except the truth of Mala was seen, and so he saw. Now these cannot call themselves the dark shade, but it is wrong for them to do so, for it is a lie. Now to the angel this matter seemed like a civil matter, and yet looking out, it was a great matter that had moved cities and was spread out on the land. Now to Japeth and Shem, she is your sister, and it was always so, and the angel saw it. Now is it also so that some already knew? But they did not tell the angel and it still would have been easier if they would have. Now as far as I know, none has intentionally attempted to test the angel, that there is assumption that none has. Now the angel tested this thing in spirit that it was known.


Now the Lord, who has had a people who perform on land, He has had a son, the Christ, and the performing on land has had a son, the Sufi Christian, that for the later, the kingdom of Heaven is within them, and yet there are Christian performing on land, and there are the Christian circumcised of heart, and even Christian much in Egypt, and yet without harm coming to them. Now Salem people add not command, is it not so? For they seek better things and more than Jews, and they are being innocent, with the innocence of angels and yet their innocence can still be harmed by their own actions, whether they be good or wicked. Now are there not also Sufi Salem People? Now the Lord's son fullfilled all the requirements of a person, fullfilling all righteousness, or as it is said, fullfilled all the law and the prophets, that with all his fullfilling, he fullfilled miracles, and deeds as would be found with Elijah, and even more so, it would seem. Now the angel has only fullfilled the deacon of Earth, and by the writing, for what miracle has the angel performed, or what deed has he done? But Elijah did more in this way, and so did Elisha, and Moses, that these fullfilled deeds on land, that the Lord did things. Now the angel has said of a sign, even if a person has gone out to deceive, the Lord can deceive them to perform the sign that is true, and yet a sign that is not true can place a wrong thing in the gathering barrel with the good, and the angel has taken some things out by hand. Now from Enoch, yet everything is a sign in nature, and did Enoch not consider it? Or will he only call it wisdom? But Enoch knows what is right for him. Now the Old Testiment, it is being true in two ways, on land, and in the way of the Sufi Christian, for the individual.

Now the American consideration that is possibly not most Americans, is it not still that some are forming their belief to decide instead of the Lord, whether they are obeying rightly in all things? But if it is not most of the people, but a small number, yet it is still mentioned, for it is as a religion, and yet not fearing the Lord, to always be, at all times, considering the opinion and judgements of the Lord, but promoting itself a little, beyond what the judgements of the Lord are, to be as a different religion. Now it is also found among some of the Hebrew Jews, that though their scriptures have not said it, they are promoting themselves, as if because of lacking prophets, and not always considering, with the fear of God, the opinions and judgments of the Lord. Now if it is not most, then is it not still present with some? Now what is it that Palestine has desired to do, but have they desired to make themselves your bond servants, you who are Hebrew Jews, to become Jews in this way, as your friends, to be as a king's second in command? Now it is not a bond servant, but are not bond servants also such? But the angel does not rule Palestine, and yet Palestine is given opportunities and yet they rebel against the morality, to have rebellion like witch-craft, for the Hebrew Jews have not completed what they started, and yet killings are carried out that are not war, or part of war. Now it is not the same as indigenous people who still dwell in the land, but it is a separate nation, large, that has not been taken by Israel that the inhabitants would be made to leave. Now why is there so much rebellion to found with Palestine? But it is not like other nations where there are many Muslims. Have you considered gratitude, for you know of war, and the taking of land. But is it not better to be removing your eyes from looking at Israel, that you focus upon your own matters?
	Now your brothers are there, other nations that have mostly Muslims, and why will you consider Israel in anything? But you are not alone, or isolated from those who are your brothers, and will you not consider that Israel is not worth your efforts or consideration? But if they draw you in to pety matters, yet focus upon your own matters and you have your brothers, for you and Israel are not brothers and yet you are close geographically, and so prosper with your brothers and do not consider Israel if it attempts to draw you in. Now they call such a 'restraining order' who are soldiers of cities, and it is good that you are staying seperate from each other in all things, for should one even speak to the other? But let them be seperate, and Palestine prosper with its brothers, and Israel has its allies, who are further away and visit. Now be honouring the seperation, that you speak to each neither good or bad, that Palestine has its own people, who are because of the obediance of angels, and are they not the people most believing, most considerate? Now if young Hebrew Jews are going to the borders, spiritually, to scorn and mock, yet do not concern yourselves with them, or bother, for they are as young and for their own people, and it is not worth becoming upset, but do not even let your ears hear it, for it is pointless and the scorning and mocking of those who are as if young. Now why even consider each other? But if any is wanting there to be attention given between Muslims and Israel, then it cannot be a thing that is good, for Muslims are separate, because of the obedience of angels, and they too, are a people of Abraham, for the Lord has had other children. Now it does not really concern the Hebrew Jews, or cause any trouble for them, and they are a people, and they are called to believe, being a people of belief, that they do not say, I know there is nothing spiritual on Earth, but rather, I do not know, but why would it not be possible? Now such is a people of belief, and some of them are not people of belief, and yet are they not knowing, in a way that many do not, that the Lord corrects those whom he loves, that they are willing to hear correction, and it is representing much that is good that they are willing to hear correction, even when it is seeming more so for them than for other people. Now Muslims, yet how is it right for them to corrected the way Salem Jews or Hebrew Jews, or any of the Earth's Jews are to be corrected? But correction is good for Jews, and for Christians, do not discourage the son that they lose heart, for with Christians it is also not good that they be corrected the ways the Earth's Jews would be corrected from those who are right to be offering rebuke, in the right way, and not in a wicked and evil way, but in the way of a prophet, truly, this is rebuke given to a people the Lord loves. Now Muslims know it is not right for them to be receiving correction that would be right for Jews, and Christians, it is like-wise for them, that it would be a disgusting thing, sycophantic, and this people perceive and know, and there is not excuse. Now it is also this way for Salem people, that it is not right for them to be corrected as Jews would be corrected, but correction from the right people is good for Jews, if it is acceptable and right.

Now the fair shade in Salem has the gang of the soldiers of cities that the gang must do his bidding in many things and handle all serious problems for him, for they are bound to it, and yet the gang is losing respect when a fair shade of Salem is breaking the laws that the gang is like disloyal people, whose hearts are treacherous, for they are held in line by law abiding, and must do the bidding of the fair shade, and yet they are turning on those fair shade who are breaking the laws. Now it is then being reasonable for the strategic fair shade to be keeping the soldiers of the cities bound to do their bidding with loyalty by keeping the laws, that the fair shade maintains their power as something like a higher class of people by their manipulation of the soldiers of the cities with their craftieness. Now those able to keep the soldiers of the city in subjection are those considered competent in governing in this matter, and crafty enough to mantain their power even when dealing with the disloyal hearts of the soldiers of the cities. Now the gang is powerful, and why will any not exercise the power of the gang if it is in their power to do so? But those who have lost such power are saying, do not use such power, for it is evil. Now it is not evil, but they have lost the power and are at the place they are usually by their own fault, that though some might have pity for them, yet why will any listen to their council, for they are those who have lost such power. Now though they threaten, yet there are soldiers who are beyond these, who fight other nations, and they are able to handle even if the soldiers of cities are not able. Now why will you with-hold yourself from your luxuries? But is it because others have lost their luxuries by their own fault, usually? But it is like people drawing others into Egypt, and Salem is not Egypt for the fair shade. Now if is making the fair as if sons and daughters of the king, and those who have lost the power, like peasants who have no guards or armies to protect them, yet there is consequence for losing the power of forcing the loyalty of the soldiers of the cities. Now pay no heed to their threats, or listen not to their deceptions about such things, for they are the lies of Egypt, the deceptions of criminals, that for those who wield the power, it is right for them to be wielding it. Now if they say, coward, yet it is not good for a slave owner to dirty their hands, that it is a spiritual thing, and a thing of rightness. But there have been wretched who have enticed with pity, and then drawn a knife to kill those who would have sympathy for them.

Now if being around Shem and Japeth has made the son of the lowest shelf into Sodom and Egypt, than for their sake, those on the lowest shelf, it is good that they are getting away, for it is better for them to be moved away than for them to be thrown into the lake of fire. 

Now if such corruption and wickedness has taken some, that their speech is even corrupted, that they have rebelled such against their own self even that their speech is corrupted and they are corrupted, that they progress into greater and greater wickedness, the rebellion of their heart desecrating and perverting, that they find new ways to be wicked and more wickedness to perform, than is it not something found with Sodom and Egypt? Now this must be removed, or it is my advice, that this should be taken away for its sake and for your own.

Now for comfort and to become deaf to rebuke, there have been those who have built up great worlds of ignorance and lies, that they might not heed rebuke, and might have comfort in their pointlessness.

Now it is considerate of the people that the king has a palace and is separated from the people, that he is given the portion of a king, and there he has his wives, and his quiver is full, that he does not covet anything of the people, and is not venturing out to disrupt the villages and towns of his people, that he is respecting boundaries, and the lives of his people, for there is a king without a palace who is given all the portions of a king, and yet he is visiting villages and towns, and disrupting, for he is not given a palace, that he be having his wives that he might respect boundaries and be considerate of the people and their lives. Now a type of people is in one area, even by type of employment, and another people in another area, even by type of employment, and yet there is a king made so by God, with great portion, and yet he is given no palace, and they have even become a vexation, for the Lord has given them a great portion, and yet the other part of the portion is not there, and there is vexation because of it.

Now having understood the spirits of them and what is proffessed by them from their perception of the truth, that by truth the dark shade is slaves in the nations of Shem and Japeth that the outcry is truth that comes from the dark shade, that the angel has said, you should let them go, that they may go to their lands from which they came, to leave them in peace, for they have been slaves and then slaves and it cannot be changed until you let them go. Now by truth, in some ways, you hold them, and hinder them from leaving, do you not? But they are bond to your nations, slaves and not being able to attain, that it is difficult for them, and they are more in poverty, and yet they are kept, unable to leave, that you do not open the gate for them, and help them, for they are weak, unable to stand and move, for you have kept them as slaves, and you say, climb the wall, and yet there are no stairs and the wall is very high, and who can climb it? Now the gate, too, is shut, and those who have been slaves are not strong enough to pick up their things, to move through the gate even if it was opened wide. Now do you not aid them, who you have kept as slaves? But do you not be good, to be polite and help them as a people to be journeying to their home where they might be established. But will you not help them there, and dig wells for them, and aid them? For you have kept them as slaves and they are not strong enough to make the journey. Now aid you are able to give, for you, Shem and Japeth, are strong, and you are able to help them once they are there in many ways, and is it not good? Now if stubbornness has taken some, yet do you not know what you have done to these people? Now abuse has kept them, that some of them, do they not believe that they even want to stay? But having been abused they have grown comfortable in the place of abuse so that these people who have been abused are believing they even want to stay. Now you know that it is not good for them. Now do you at least not say, yet for your own sake it is not good for you to be staying here for you have a great inheritance in another land, and it has been known to me, and I have kept it from you, but because of good, it is better for you to be going there, to receive your greater reward. For you believe this nation loves you, and yet it is only for abusing you, and you believe you are content to stay here, and yet there is great things you have known about for yourself, that you have been deceived by the abuse, and it is like an evil charm, that it is right for me to doing what I know is good and taking you to that land that you might inherit what is yours. Now would Sodom and Egypt have come if not for the slavery of the slave owners and the slaves, alike? But if there was not a second period for it, would it have come? Now the angel does not believe it would have come if not for the slavery and Shem and Japeth, they are able to know it, that it is not responsible for them to be allowing them to stay when it is not good for the dark shade. Now two people of the dark shade the angel has known about that have integrity, and they are as if from a line of Shem, and yet they are not. Now if Sodom and Egypt have come yet it has not been with those two groups, and yet who of them is strong enough to go to their inheritance and dwell there without dying? But will not Shem and Japeth aid them until they are strong? Now the dark shade might say, yet I have no home away, and yet they have been abused, that they believe it is right to stay, and Shem and Japeth are able to know what is responsible, that it is not good to keep them. Now what cannot change in the lands of Shem and Japeth, cannot change, and the dark shade are having their inheritance in another place. Now by abuse many of the dark shade have been made wicked, and it is not good for them that they are staying where they will be abused.

Now what absorbs the truth to make it void is not having power to change the weight of the truth. Now those who make the truth void, do they not argue with themselves, or use an argument with themselves that is from another? Now do they not mis-translate when the truth and right thing was already said? But the truth still has the same weight.

Now what was unacceptable and because of evil in one time and place, was foolishness that should be addressed, and yet in another time and place, being extremely inappropriate, a madman or madwoman who is disturbing. Now one is evil and foolish, and the other is not knowing where they are, or the time and place, and their evil there is an abomination and a disturbing thing. Now they are like the one who mocks and bullies at a funeral, that they are having a great cognitive impairment, and it is very great.

Now being paranoid of the losses of things in old age, frightened of the transition that they are frightened and unwilling, there have been those who are growing older who when they are beginning to lose some abilities are attacking with war before they are attacked, and it is a thing of wisdom even, worth mentioning in The Diary of Lucifer for it is wisdom of the people, of citizens, and this type of wisdom is being good to gain.

Now those who slander with the thing they have done, before they are accused, to slander the victim, or another, with the very thing they have done, yet it is an easy and natural idea for people, that it not be considered surprising when it occurs that they themselves are guilty of that thing and not those they slandered. Now this is wisdom of the people, of the citizens, and this type of wisdom is good to be gaining.

Now when the time of evil is doubled, those who partner are sometimes, too, receiving blame, and it is right that they are blamed.

Now those who build up a fantasy in their head, yet they build up Babylon in their head, it is not congruent with truth, that they are living, as a Sufi Babylonian, in a way, in a world that is not, for it is void and not in keeping with truth. Now those who have a fantasy that is sufficiently in keeping with truth, yet it is perhaps more truth than they might realize, because it is in keeping with truth. Now this is the smallest beginning, by the opinion of the angel, and it is spirituality, whether with lies or with truth. Now those with a cognitive impairment, who build up injustice as well, to build up the fantasy that is not, this is not religion. Now those who receive from tax-payers, yet they say in their heart, I am Babylonian and part of Babylon, as if they do not receive from tax-payers, and as if there was not democracy, these are not in religion, and there is not any Babylon, for their fantasy is not existing outside them, that they have a cognitive impairment and they are unable to perceive very much of reality, and the fantasy has come later to partner with the cognitive impairment. Now it is all cognitive impairment, because the fantasy would collapse instantly if the cognitive impairment was not there. Now the cognitive impairment and fantasy-land in their head is not religion. Now as for those of the Lord's kingdom, because they are in keeping with the Lord, they have the Earth and the Universe, in truth, in their head, and more than this, the Lord, and they are able to perform more than Elijah if they are going so far. Now the truth is unshakable, and yet Babylon and lies is nothing.

Now if a pedophile is insane, that they do not have anomocity towards any, but they are seeming as if having anomocity towards an adult, even, for it can even be so with the female pedophile, then the insight of mine be aiding, that they are not having anomocity, or hostility, or hatred, and yet they are seeming a little strange, for they are confused and tricked of mind a little, and offended by rejection and angry? Now they are insane, and there is nothing more to it, and yet there is not hatred with them, and it is likely the opposite.

I said in my heart, if someone is not a problem they are not a problem. God is the owner of the kingdom, and all the Universe belongs to Him. For if any turns the Lord's house into a den of thieves, yet they are not part of that house.

Now there are Shem, truly, who are of the dark shade, and they are not of the lowest shelf of Noah's sons, and yet there are those of the dark shade saying to them, you are with us, that we say you do not depart from us, and yet they have no ability to keep them. Now the kingdom is the Lord's and not the angel's, and the Christ is his son, and not the angel, that the angel, even if deacon of the Earth, fault is found with the angels, for fault is found with deacons of the church, and they are not owners of the church or the kingdom, and yet they are still deacons, and fault is found with the angels, and yet they are still angels, and yet they are not owners of the kingdom, for the Lord is owner and the Christ is his son, that these two are owners. Now the angel warns you who are delt with unjustly by his words and even his deeds about himself, that he warns you against himself, that it is only truthful that he warns you. For if you are delt with unjustly, truly it is so that you are delt with unjustly, for the angel is not owner of the kingdoms. Now you are created by the Lord, and the angel, there is fault found with him, that the angel is a fellow servant among the servants of the Lord. Now are not you, men and women, inheritors of the promised land, and inheritors of the kingdom? But the angel is servant of the Christ, and deacons of the church are servants of the Christ, that you understand that fault is found with his servants. Now have not wrath towards his servants, for you are the Lord's, and sons and daughters of the Lord, and you are inheritors of the kingdom, sons and daughters of the house of the Lord. Now will not angels be sent to fight for you, to defend you? Now there are those who are Shem, truly, who are of the dark shade, and there are those who are dealt with unjustly by the angel's words that he has written, that none can turn the angel against them, that the angel stands with them in this thing, that they are the Lord's, and are not rebellious in saying they have been delt with unjustly by the angel's words, or the angel's deeds, that the angel stands with them in this thing they say, that rebellious not accuses them, or scorn and mock them, that the rebellious are not belonging in the house of the Lord, as thieves who are in the house, for they would turn the house of the Lord into a den of thieves, that they do not belong. Now it is those not with rebellion who understand they have been delt with unjustly who are belonging and have the kingdom, that those not rebellious not be turned against each other, that they be with the other sons and daughters of the kingdom in peace. Now what a person is is decided by the Lord, for all such things are decided by the Lord, what a person looks like, their body, even, and what they are, that it is only the Lord's business and it is not possible for any person to have a problem concerning it. Now have not sicophants who are worse than Sodomites, attacked in this way? But they attack the Lord, for it is the Lord's business and work that they attack, when it is a sycophant. Now who attacks such? But it is the one for another is their god, for their whole self is possessed by another, and it is known when they attack such, that this type of slave is possessed entirely, that the one they attack is their god, and god to them, for it is not even so with anything, but whole of the person's spirit, their heart, their spirit, and their being, and even their body is belonging to the one they attack in this way that the one they attack in this way is their god entire that they are not a slave, but possessed that the one they attack is their god. Now if the soul of them who attack in this way are possessed by them they attack, then by what means is the soul delivered into heaven? But the one who possesses them, they are of the kingdom, and are for entering heaven, and do they not bring the soul with them if the soul has not been rebellious towards its god? But the angel does not know. Now this is the case, where one is god of another, when there is truly problem with what the Lord has done in terms of his work, and what he has made another, spiritually, whether they are a prophet, or a deacon, or some other thing, and what they are, that their self is an offence. Now if one sells themselves, without selling, to be bond servant to one then there is another who is finding their god, that those who have a problem with what the Lord does, and what is right by the Lord, being what he has given according to his judgement and justice towards the one who is in His kingdoms, these are those who are having this person, who is of the kingdoms of the Lord, as their god. Now those who are having a person of the kingdoms as their god, how can any of them be of the kingdoms themselves? But they are as demons, Babylonian, or another type of demon, and many of them are Nicolatains, that they are like demons. Now they change hands, that what belonged to the devil is given to one of the kingdom, that the one of the kingdom is then their god, for those of the kingdom are greater than the devil and able to have what he would possess.

Now I have blessed Babel, because although I have loved and hated Babel, yet it has produced much wisdom, and the psychologists have produced much wisdom, and yet they are still young and struggling, a calf that emerges that falls still, and it is not good to be bowing to it, for the calf is only a little better than Egypt. Now the angel is not always as tolerant as a man or woman would be, that you understand that the angel is not the same as a Salem person, for though the Salem people are having the type of innocence as angels, yet those who are Sodom and Egypt, the angel is considering soldiers to be destroyed, and will they not kill and mutilate the Christians, even those Christians who are as innocent as the birds of cities and ledges, who are harmless, that they flutter down from ledges and dwell among people and fly away? For what is less harmless in a city than these? Now I do not write about what they call sea-gulls, but the more harmless and peaceful birds of cities. Now Babel has discovered much of understanding, and it has produced words that are with great understanding in some things, and yet when knowledge is used foolishly, it is only calamity, and the knowledge is void and nothing, that a fool gains knowledge and understanding and is as much of a fool as they always were, if not more so. Now still, it is beneficial to have the knowledge of Babel is many things, and add the knowledge and understanding to a wise person, who is actually wise, that you not profane the concept of a wise person, by calling it something of learning that is like the rain that falls on the fool and the wise alike, and both are receiving the rain. 

Now the man who desires men is appreciating beauty and other men that he does not desire to desecrate and mutilate or be disrespectful, for he is not a Sodomite, but this is a man who desires men, that he is respectful and appreciates, that he is not for desecration and mutilation, but politeness and respectful of bounds, building up, respecting boundaries, and yet the other man is seeming to desire men, and yet it is not the same inside for him, for he does not desire men to lust after them, and yet he is seeming to desire men as much as the other, and he is called the same thing as the man who desires men. Now the second man is a sycophant, that he is desiring to have sex with men because he is a sycophant who is heterosexual, that Freud was heterosexual and could not imagine desiring men and those who are men who desire men, that in his understanding and imagings, he committed error, and was wrong about something, for he reasoned as a heterosexual who would desire men. Now the second man is a sycophant, who desires men as a heterosexual, that his motive is very different than the homosexual, who is male. Now the sycophant is desiring to have sex with men, because he is a heterosexual who, reasoning like a heterosexual, considers it desecration and mutilation, for he does not appreciate, to build up, but he desires so greatly to mutilate, to desecrate sacred things, even things that are not physical, that he does not which are not things of the homosexual man, and not desires of the homosexual man who is for building up and appreciating. Now the two are very different, for the sycophant is only greatly desiring to desecrate and to mutilate as a heterosexual, who is finding new ways to desecrate and mutilate. Now let the people judge. But which is the real problem in society if a problem has been found? But both have been called the same, and yet they are very different. Now the sycophant, he is as a Sodomite, and he is wanting to desecrate, mutilate, and torture, what is pure and good, and he is wanting to desecrate, mutilate, and torture what is beautiful and good, that angels he is greatly against, for he is like a demonic soldier against angels, like something from hell, to greatly be against angels, and where there are not angels, he is greatly against children, especially little boys who are like angels. Now the sycophant can be man or woman, and they are not as the homosexual, who appreciates, who builds up, who is having all decency of men and respect of decency, that he does not desire the child, but is upright, as a upright citizen, who only lusts after the man as a man. Now his wrath, too, is with justice, that you not hate the good with the wicked, but know that there are two different things that have both been called the same thing. Now for the sake of the homosexual man, that he not be given what would be to his own hurt, because he is different, that it would harm him, he may not be a slave owner, and yet he is of the same status as the slave owner, in likeness of it. Now the homosexual male, yet he is not being soldier against an angel because they are an angel.

Now the homosexual man is not with the others, that those perverts who have attempted to negotiate their way politically into your child's bedroom, or into the bathroom with them, where there is nakedness—for the angel has been around the dark things of hell much like soldiers and does not apologize—these who would negotiate their way politically, being perverts, are a warning about perverts, for even enemy prostitutes are perverts, and sicophantic, that they do so openly, confessing openly, without shame or understanding of decency, that they are like those who lack understanding, for their understanding seems to be small, that it is a warning about the recklessness of some perverts, and these perverts are not with the homosexual man, and the homosexual man is not with them, that it is another matter entirely, of sicophants and perverts, and those who use excuses that are not valid, for none of it is neccessary that they claim, that they use excuses because they are sicophants, or perverts, and nothing they desire is neccessary, and they negotiate in areas that are not for political negotiation, that they are not things of politics but are things of common decency and lack of abuse and the sanity of society, that the people do not become insane, that they be able to be a holy people who are not attacked by desecration and perversities. Now because Abishag is an imposter, not being a valid leader, by Mala, of the meeting place, is she supporting those who would attack the people, hating the people, because she is an imposter? But there can never be negotiation in some areas, and it is not homosexual men who are for negotiating these things. Now the angel advises that you make it part of core rights and laws that decency of this type cannot be violated, so that the people are not desecrated and society does not collapse into insanity. For homosexual men are not Sodomites, and I write this part to be against Sodomites. Now if Sodomites pervert even what is against them, to use it against children, and slightly older children, that they mention the younger child against them, then this is an insolent Sodomite, a pedophile, who speaks wickedly and with resentment of the decency and right against them, that they make insolent and wickedness remarks against a child, as if having a cognitive impairment, as if being remarkably unable to reason and perceive, that they bring insolent excuses to slay a child, then by this way you will know of them, for they are as perverts who speak without shame and without understanding before many witnesses and they are having cognitive impairments, that it is even understood there are those with cognitive impairments who hate those who do not have them, that they consider them insolent because of the lack of cognitive impairment they perceive, and do not know why they have such hatred.

Now those who combine the shedding of blood with romance, that they desire to slay the innocent, because of innocence, these are those of the lake of fire, and they are deceived, to drink blood-shed as wine, that they compromise to slay with guile and drink blood-shed as wine, that they become a little drunk with the drunkenness of the wine of blood-shed that they might engage in romance, that these are those who pervert the true thing of a man and woman who love each other, who slay themselves together to die together in love, that those who cannot have this, because they are ugly internally, who are not able to attain and have, are doing this thing to slay the innoccent with what is like adultry, or adultry. Now the women who do this are then understood to be prostitutes of the enemy and not one of the people that they would do this, for they are not able to attain citizenship, and not able to have the things of the people, indeed, not even love, for especially love they may not have, that they are prior cast out and not part of the people, that they attempt to do what is not for them, that they are not able to have. Now those who go out as a husband and wife, or the same as it, that one of them molests a child, that they even then kill the child, that they are bonded by the blood-shed, that they are made close by the bond of the blood-shed, these, too, are not one of the people, and they are in the lake of fire, that such things are below comprehension for the man, that they might only understand the bond and the wine of blood-shed. Now they are below the lowest slaves who do these two things, for the lake of fire is slander and blood-shed and much is becoming opposite below the line of the lowest shelf, the floor of the lowest shelf that is the line of comprehension that men are not able to comprehend below this line, and it is written of more in the diary that men and women are the same height, but the domain of women goes to the lake of fire and men to the areas of mountains, that men cannot comprehend the lake of fire, that the two are the same height and have their domains, most of which they share and some they do not. Now it is written of in the diary more that those in the lake of fire do not hear the rebuke of the man, but only the rebuke of the woman, for her domain extends to the lake of fire.
	Now the both women who are in the things mentioned here are called 'ugly cunts' by the right thing of being called. Now the angel did not produce the term for them. Now they are not able to attain what the people, some of them, have attained, for these things are on the different level, on the level that they cannot attain, that they compromise for things that are beneath the land, that are beneath the Earth.

Now when a person is in a place too low for what they are, indeed the soul of another might be disturbed, that rightness is not fulfilled for this person. Now for those who have the heart to fulfill, should they not be fulfilling? But for those who say, I will offer a meal, is it not right? Now for those who say, I will see that something is built, is it not right? But there are those who are having a heart to fulfill what is for the Lord. Now there are those for whom their heart is saying, yet my name is not mentioned that I aided, and others who are at peace with it, that those who refuse that they should be mentioned, yet their hearts are not for it that they should be mentioned. Now the angel is saying, let nothing be worshipped as an idol, but let there be a remembrance of the sign of the pieces that were left after the storm that the people remember that the Lord cares for the things of the spirit, the Temple of the body, and what is internal, for it is a thing of Christianity and all people, that there have been those put in pieces inside by Sodom and Egypt.

Now by the wisdom of an angel, the mother and son are together, that if the mother is bullying another on behalf of her son, then it is known by the understanding, for there is a togetherness with the mother and son, that if the son is such a worthless thing, such a thing of garbage, that the mother is doing so, than by justice is justified that the son should be killed according to the degree of what the mother was doing in her bullying of another. Now if she is then becoming the mother of the enemy, indeed she is a slave, for she has divorced her son, and is without a son in the evil she would do, and that she makes herself mother of what is greater than her, it is known she is a slave and childless. Now she is god of a garden rock, or a field rock, and has no son, for her heart says, I am older than you in years, that she is a Harod, a slave, and the Lord is over you, for you are son or daughter of the Lord, and she is a slave, not one of the Lord's children, but a dangerous and murderous interloper in the land who is not having citizenship among the sons and daughters of the Lord, that either she is a slave to you, or she is slave of the devil, who is beneath you, for she is a prostitute of the enemy and beneath this, that she is a slave, and if not recognizing you and you being son or daughter of God, than slave of the devil, that the devil is her lord. Now two things come from her mouth: prostitute of the enemy who is a murderer of the citizens on behalf of another nation, and servant of the devil, that she is having the same voice and heart as that of a demon towards those who are the Lord's. Now still her son is having guilt even if she divorces him, for if she has bullied on behalf of them due to the bond, than what came from her mouth, the degree of her bullying, even if not much, is true testimony that he is having much fault, that it has come from the bond. Now who has brought the mother to this, that she be destroyed in many ways? But has she not followed the son in his faults, to where he is, according to his wrong-doing and faults, that she has followed him rather than remaining where she is, to judge her children correctly? But she is not a daughter of Sarah if she has followed him. Now the daughter of Sarah will not move much, to follow him, that her son must move to her, to be becoming good and departing from his wrong-doing, that he must move mostly and his mother move little, that he move to her and be becoming a person with integrity, with the unseen and indiscernible changes that the angel cannot even see, that even if the two contend much, yet in the unknowable things, he is a person of great worth, that no man can meddle in such, and interfere with such, for who is able to see these things? But the angel cannot even see these things, and nothing seems to change, for nothing is remedied, that it is things unseen and unknowable, for who would dare try to meddle with such? Now the angel's mother, the angel being given to her, was a daughter of Sarah, and the angel contended with her many times, being an only child, and she did not move much, even when the angel attempted to move her towards him in things. Now the one woman has moved completed towards her son to form a bond as being like his messenger, and not even his mother, that she testifies about him, and the other woman is a mother of the son who only moves a little towards her son, or might only move more if there is an emergency. Now the mother will move in right ways towards her children, that it is the love of a mother. Now the daughter of Sarah is with integrity, having the wise thing, being grateful, that all is with common sense, that she is a woman, and a woman more than a woman, for she is a daughter of Sarah.
	Now the angel's mother, the woman he was given to, her husband was as a rich man, and like a leader much, and figure among the people, that the angel was an only child, given to all the considerations of a prince and much additional considerations of polite considerations because of what his father was, that the angel was separated in some ways from his peers because of the different considerations of polite considerations, and because of the wellness of his father's money and the additional things that would normally pertain to a very rich family, especially in culinary areas, that he grew up in a house without profane speech, without physical violence, that the angel had two bedrooms for himself, and his own bathroom, that the family had a long pool with a deck, and many lawns and some forests and a Quinset hut at a lower place, for there were hills on the property, and the angel believed much in God in these years, and played instruments and skateboarded, and took a great interest in computers. Now it is given for those who desire to know, that the angel does not know why it should matter, only the truth is given in the case that the Lord has a purpose for it.

Now to the prince, if the prince has not loved a woman, that he does not wish to remain with her, is it not because she was not his wife? But yet there is not actually wrong-doing for the prince, that the prince know that the Lord knows where his wife is, or even wives, and how will the prince find her? But as for you princes, consider imposters, that you not waste your time, or else, do what you wish, and the angel only gives advice. Now what does the imposter truly love? Now you, being a prince, yet you are not robbed or hurt, for in truth, the angel knows you cannot be hurt by the woman who was not your wife. Now in truth, she cannot be deeply hurt in a lasting way, that some things the angel is not deceived by. But be considering imposters if you would gain wisdom from me.

Now the angel understands something: pedophiles are believing it to be a war and they are losing badly and being slaughtered, even dismembered in ways, and violence is occurring to them, so that they are much angry at times in the war. 

Now where there is an inability to handle things that are acceptable, and anger problems, that a person is taking actions of perversities and desecration, by mouth or deed, and it is because of anger problems because of things that are acceptable, for they know these things are acceptable by Jacob, and the Earth is his, that morality is Jacob's morality, for it is the morality that all know, and what is acceptable by society, then when a person is practising desecrations and perversities as war, by actions or words, they are being a Nicolatain. Now these are not those the angel considers Esua, but they are sycophants. Now these are also those who David hung upside above a pool with their hands cut off, that they are many things, and even those who slay soldiers with guile as a distraction, meddling in romance, love, and family, that these things are not part of war or belonging in war, that those who do such things are as invalid spies. Now if those who cared for the sick or injured slayed a righteous man, yet it is not only these, and this type who are those David killed by hanging them over a pool upside down with their hands cut off. Now the angel is saying, even if these should kill a serial killer, yet if the serial killer must die, than they too, must also die. Now if they have raped and cut into pieces the Lord's children, ripping them apart, mutilating them, for indeed they have, committing rape and sexual abuses, that they have done this to the Lord's children, by their many desecrations, by their perversities, them being sycophants, angry, things from hell, then they have done this to the Lord's children, and not even to the evil, and it would not be acceptable to do so even to the evil or any person, but they have done so to those who pleased God, that the Lord, as a father, should be avenged. For the sign of a storm and pieces upon the ground left by the rain and storm and thunder, that their father should be avenged, for they have committed unspeakable barbarities to his children, who pleased Him, that the sign is brought to a witness, the sign, to the angel, and I am saying, let it also be a sign for all, that the pieces are upon the ground. Now the Lord's children are upon journeys upon the Earth, his sons and daughters, and these have carried out unspeakable barbarities against them, against His children. Now which of you would not understand this thing? But you are men and women, and many of you have children, and the Lord, too, is a father who has children.
	Now if it is people of the INCEL who do this thing, those who are not Esua, but those who are sycophants, who do this wickedness, being extremely wicked in what they do, or any people who are doing this, even Sodom and Egypt, than for what reason have they done this to the Lord's children? For the Lord is a father, and for what reason do they do this thing? But they are wicked people, and attacking the good. Now if there are those of the INCEL and those of Sodom and Egypt and if any is saying, it is because of territory, that they have committed this wickedness against the good and the righteous, then the pieces have been seen by the angel, that they are there after the storm.


Now no man will ever out-crazy an angel, for the angels will always be more crazy, that no man or woman can compete, for their attempts are laughable, like a small thing attacking a mighty warrior who is of greater skill. Now people are crazy, if they are people, and some large dragons are not, so that if a large dragon that is not at least friendly, but is considering itself a predator against people, as if people, who are crazy, are its prey at leasuire, that it may attack at whim, if its wants to without danger, or choose not to attack at whim, then it is a predator dragon that is with confidence in what is not, that it lacks understanding. For do not most large dragons know that people are extremely capable to slay dragons, and yet this type of large dragon, that is confident in what is not, that it does not seem to fear God, or aknowledge Him, for men and women are made in the Lord's image, and are his children, that the animals are knowing they are holy, that to fear God, they are respecting people, that sin against people is not respecting God, and yet they are the Lord's, but the people are his children, that the dragon that is believing in attacking at leasuire, that is confident in what is not, that saying with confidence in its heart, I may attack or not, and never is there danger for me, this large dragon, the angel says, deserve to be killed by the people, and yet as for the trooden, though some types are dangerous, they are not as these when they fear God, for what are these large dragons that do not seem to fear God? But these are foolish dragons, lacking understanding, that though some consider all large dragons to be sociopaths, indeed most are not, and yet the large dragons that do not fear God, that believe in attacking at leasuire, these are sociopaths by the angel's opinion of a large dragon that is a sociopath. Now these large dragons, that deserve to be killed, are not crazy, for though all things are crazy, yet these are not, that the woman is crazy and the man is crazy, that they are people, and no man or woman will ever out-crazy an angel.

Now a large dragon should not punished when it has not done something a person would be punished for, and a large dragon should not be killed when it has not done something a person would be killed for, for when a large dragon is bothering a person in an unacceptable way, you deal with the matter, and yet you are still keeping in mind that the large dragon is a large dragon, a human-dragon that many large dragons struggle and do not have the same desires, for they are not able to desire the things that people desire, and is there not frustration? But they struggle to be among people, and do not have the same desires and sentiments in all things, that if a large dragon is not bothering a person in an unacceptable way, then for what reason would any man bully a dragon? But large dragons, though they are able to be bullied by men, yet what man is desiring to bully a large dragon only because it is a large dragon? But this is not seeming to be the heart of a man of Salem, even if the man does not wish to spend time with the large dragon any longer, for large dragons are causing problems in some ways for a man, and yet the man is larger most often and able to be with the large dragon. 

Now it is good that each is keeping to their sun and moon, to their religion, and their group, that they do not follow the religion of another religion, even if both are having the Lord. Now the sun and moon for the Christians is the Old and New Testament. Now the sun and moon for another person of another religion, is perhaps something else. Now those called to be one thing, are called to it, and the children of angels are knowing the limits of innocence and good in their pursuits, that they are not as con-artists, who are carrying out manipulation of the system with great expertise in fraud and tactics of fraud, who do what involves the lives of people where people are imprisoned and are dying. But such con artistry is very advanced, and there are large books of knowledge to be had in ways of committing fraud and manipulating the system, that these con-artists are as groups of soldiers, or individual soldiers, and they are not like the children of angels, that those who pursue the children of angels are sometimes relying upon ignorance of slaves in their claim of the children of angels being very evil, that they say, yet it must be so that I am a just man, and yet they say so by the sliding into foolishness and ignorance of slaves, that they are like brutish and ignorant men and women in this thing. Now if any pursues the children of angels, then it is the angel's advice that they at least admit that the children of angels are not very evil, or evil at all, that it go well for them with themselves in terms of their spirit, and that they remember the Lord in their belief in what is deserved for them. 

Now as for men and women who wear armour, by Mala, the breast-plate, the arm upon their arms, the helmet, and all the things of the armour the Lord is giving, rather than the armour the devil might give, then let them not have much anxiety because of the armour, for many must wear armour at times.

Now as for people, do you know where the line is in your wrath? But where wrath is showing a sicophant, who is a person of Sodom, saying, let them be defiled by sexual things that are abusive to them, and all types of sexual things, and perversities done to them, that the goodness that God has made is defiled, then do you not know you who are evil and wicked will be tortured in a place of torture turning people to insanity, and that the torture will not cease, but the angels will look on? Now is it then prudent to be having rebellion in your heart and to be a sycophant that you are saying the good should be abused by sexual things and perversities, for Sodom, too, said such things, and of the angel who removed their sight and the city was destroyed by fire. Now the Sodomite uses things of sexuality as combat, even in smaller ways, for they are a sycophant sometimes to a lesser degree, that they consider their sicophantry combat, even, that they place themselves as the devil as their lord, and yet some are not even aware of it. Now that person who should not even come within sight of a person out of fear of God, are they not those, sometimes, who are being sycophantic? Now let them be well, that they know they should not come within sight of a person, that they should be separate, that they are able to be respecting decency.

Now in the time of the writing of The Diary of Lucifer there were many more sycophants making their way into society and placing things for the pleasure of sycophants even in some ways before the public, that the rape of the innocent, being a pleasure for sycophants, was not yet placed before the public, but the abuse of the innocent was at times seen, being a milder thing, and yet not often for the pleasure of sycophants. Now more things were coming through in many small ways, and in some ways more, and there were Sodomites with it, and even Sodom and Egypt with it, and yet in many ways it was still kept back, though things said to be for other reasons were still messages of sycophants and to the delight of sycophants in their wickedness and to the delight of sycophants who had great hatred within them, because their soul was bitter was envy and hatred, for they had become hideous in Mala, grotesque things, as if rotting and obscene. Now there were also many prostitutes of the enemy, whose hatred is great, who are not one of the people, and there were many who did not seem to sense the time, when things had passed.

Now for an evil of the day, because a body or thing of ethics has approved a study or thing of learning that is called science it does not mean that it is true and objective to be without bias, for there are many deceptions of the day. Now those who move themselves to insolence, by the stating of things, as if small children, as proof or evidence, these are speaking upon the realm of the land of children, and not even Egypt, that they have all come from the land of children, and enter in again for good things, and not to find insolence.

Now there are slaves who use arguments that are of the land of children, and yet they are animals, slaves.

Now there is a group of the fair shade who are falling behind greatly, that they say another man in an imper and yet they have only fallen greatly behind, having twice, and even three times, fallen behind, for the other man is keeping to his own life and not offering any evil towards them, not intimidation, or things of being an imper, that he keeps to his own life, and those who have fallen many times behind are not able to deal with life to an adequate degree that they blame others. Now let their eyes be upon their own life and not on the man they call an imper.

Now Jude has considered things of angels, and he is like a servant of the Christ to me, for he considering what the other disciples did not seem to consider. Now is there not prophecy in what he has delivered? But let him be translated correctly, that blasphemy not come from those like the rebellious of Korah, that the angel is keeping their domain, and not losing it, or keeping their rule, for if Jude had not known of Samurai, it is then easy to explain things another way, that the way of angels is different, is it? But Jude I have liked, and is it more that I have liked him? But he has considered what the other disciples did not, considering things of angels, and yet if they had considered things of angels, yet it is not written. Now though Jude has considered these things, and possibly prophesied yet he does not offer a solution, although he is offering comfort that he has considered. Now there are blasphemous translations, and it is indeed seeming the blasphemy of the devil, and blasphemy as the rebellion of Korah and blasphemy of Sodom and blasphemy of enemy angels who rebelled against God, and blasphemy of these who are having a cognitive impairment and are as if dreaming while they awake, as if a little drunk, but not. Now are these things also against the saints? But if Jude's words are corrupted by some of those he wrote about, then it is seeming to me more the spirit of the devil, in a great rage, covered in the light of the lake of fire, that burns much like the sun, that it is another light that burns. Now the Earth is the Lord's, and if the Lord is sending angels to be on Earth for a time, as he sent an angel to guide the Hebrew Jews after they had exited from Egypt, than the Lord may do so. Now if angels are to keep their own way of life, and not abandon their rule, or principality, than there are two, that for this thing, are seeming not to have offered the rebellion of Korah, or told the angels to 'go up' as was said to Elisha, for it is known that angels have been on Earth and there would be a contradiction that the rebellion of such translations is apparent, and is not forgiven by me, for given the scripture of angels having been on Earth, indeed, even with this, there is no excuse for such rebellion. Now is the fault Jude's? But he is a servant of the Christ, and he did not blaspheme, for the scripture cannot contradict itself. Now Abraham came to meet angels, and offered them a place to eat with him, and yet have not others said, 'go up' that the Lord's servants might take care of themselves?

Now is not the INCEL the enemy? But if there some who are priests, that should be brought out, yet if they have committed evil already, then they did not have to join them. Now it is a thing of the time.

Now is not Sodom and Egypt the enemy? But it is like Egyptions, who are wicked, who have followed the Hebrew Jews out of Egypt, to be with them, and they are being rebellious towards the Lord, that they rebel when none is impious towards them.

Now is there even foreign influence, that it brings wrongs of another land to you, that you make bond with their wrongs, as if taking idols to your own people, that you adopt the ways that are wrong of another people when you are for obeying? Now there is even the cold war that is constant, that the cold war is happening always.

Now as for the apostle they called Paul, who was not one of the Christ's disciples, and not the person chosen to replace the traitor, who was a Pharasee who may not have been of repentance for the killing of Christians by stoning and other means, who made claim of Peter and others he may have never met, who may have infiltrated the Christian church as a Pharasee, even a zeolot of the Pharasees, zeolous for the beliefs of the Pharasees and their remainder, to infiltrate as an Apostle, a teacher, that his things might be placed among those things of the disciples who were the chosen disciples of the Christ, the twelve, and the disciple who was chosen to replace the traitor, that the Pharasee of Pharasees, a zeolot, chosen and known at first to be on a mission to kill Christians, and later claiming to have become a Christian himself, having words often for him that are words of an unbelieving Jew, contradicting the Old Testament, words to drive away Christians, blasphemous of the truth, words of a slave, words of ignorance, whereas the other disciples are keeping with the truth of the Old Testiment and keeping with Christianity, that Paul is not as them, but is blaspheming, and words of a slave are under his name, and the Pharasees are slaves, gods, that gods are slaves, bullying and being impious as a slave, showing the evil of a zeolous slave. Now he is seeming a Jew of Jews, not a Jew, not believing as a Hebrew Jew, if I am to understand correctly what he has called being a Jew of Jews, for it is not what I call a Jew of Jews, and he has called Pharasees being Jews of Jews, that if he has not used sarcasm he is speaking a lie concerning what is a Jew of Jews, for it is not Pharasees that are so. Now I am not concerned in any way with origins of creation, not knowing, even myself, whether the Lord did things very slowly, or very quickly, for if there is any matter, anything existing, then there must be something outside of the Universe, for science has said that something cannot come from nothing, and truth, the truth in this Universe, logic also, has said that something cannot come from nothing, and reason has said it, indeed, it is a fundamental of existence, of truth, of the Universe, that something cannot come from nothing, that there must be something outside, and if it is the Lord, that he created all, even truth, the truth of the Universe, and He chose to many times allow the Universe to collapse and expand again, perhaps millions of times, or billions of times, then I do not claim to know if He created in periods, that they called days, or created in days that we call days by the passage of the sun, for it does not concern me, and I do not know, and nor does it matter to me, for truth is the truth, and the truth was discovered. Now there have been prophets, those who performed great deeds, or the Lord did, and the Jews are believing in these things, as are other people. Now Christianity is having the internal, and the Hebrew Jews of the Old Testament performed things on land, and for Christians, the body is the Temple, and are there not Christians who perform things on land? Now concerning Salem, the truth is already written in the Old Testament, and the truth is written concerning many things, and the Christ is coming and giving the addition to the Old Testament, and yet the Hebrew Jews, many, have not wanted it, for it is a large thing that is offered after a long time of not having it. Now David is having the Christ as his lord, and was he not defending the holy priests, the villages of prophets, the places of learning, and holy places? Now Elijah came later, being a person of great zeal, and there are other people of great zeal and yet not all are Elijah, or as Elijah. Now The Diary of Lucifer, though a religious text, and religion, is not to be added to the religion of Christianity, but it is given for benefit of wisdom, and fault is found with the angels, as the scripture says, and yet there is no fault with scripture, being the word, and the words of Paul are given among scripture and given as scripture to be part of the word. Now why is there then wrong things, and many, found with Paul? But he is contradicting the Old Testament, and there is even blasphemy, and not as the Pharisees said blasphemy. Now is Paul another religion unto himself, that he is then to be considered separate from the Old Testament and separate from Christianity, that he is his own religion? But the angel has said, it is not right to bow to the angel. Now by making himself scripture, that his words are part of scripture, are not Christians bowing then to things that are not meant to be included? But is there a statue of the Pharisees included in the scripture, that this statue should be included in the scripture? Now the statue is seeming to drive away Christians, and cause much trouble. Now the angel gives religion, and yet it is not meant to be added to the scripture, as if infallible, or without fault. Now if there is fault with anything the angel has written, yet it is not as when there is fault that is included with the scripture, for the scripture, the word, cannot have fault. Now even if an Apostle, who is having fault, who is sometimes speaking what is not right, that they indeed became a Christian after they had killed Christians, then it is still not necessarily right that the Apostle should be included in the scripture.

Now there are those who as shepherds defend the faith, and in every other way are not people of belief that they defend against the faith in every other way. Now some things are wrong and some things are right, and the people are called to be a people of belief, wise as serpents and innocent as doves, that they discern something is wrong in one place and not in others, and they are people of belief. Now the shepherds who defend the people in this way are guiding them into lands where the devil might take them, to pastures of no water or grass, to evil places where the people might be preyed upon, and they call out, do not enter the promised land. Now better an atheist than one of these luke-warm, who are for being luke-warm, that atheists are part of the west and The Allied World.

Now does not the wicked, who is a sicophant, who is for dessecration, for disturbing people, desire to have much both ways, that they strive against what they are, and their lowness, that is the truth of what they are according to their works? But if they strive, it is only insolence, for they behave as cowards and perverts, and even demons, that they bond with demons in their work, becoming as demons in the body of a person, and so it is there place, that these are servants of the devil, and the devil is beneath the kingdom, beneath the atheist as well, that those who are servants of the devil who are having the devil as their god, and are being given to people of the kingdom to have a person of the kingdom as their god, are these not only expected to behave as demons, and to have foolishness and insolence, and wrath in ways? For those who become as demons who are having a person of the kingdom as their god, because they have gone to places that are not for war, and carried out what is not war, according to David, to be exceedingly wicked, to do work of demons, as demons, being demons in the body of a person towards a person of the kingdom, that the exchange is made and they are given to the person of the kingdom, so that the person of the kingdom is their god, then is their hope for them entering Heaven, especially if they are not rebelling further against the person of the kingdom, but being transformed and conforming to good ways? Now the angel does not know.

Now it is as if you have brought Egyptians with you from Egypt, that have followed you and remained with you, that after exiting Egypt they are remaining with you, for Sodom and Egypt is among you, and it is like a people who mostly hate you are with you. Now if there is a small portion that is not hating you, yet they are not having any problem with those of their shade hating you and being evil towards you, and still the portion is too small, even if there are some who are defending you in things, that most are having great hatred towards you, because of the beauty that the soul senses, of the fair shade, that is perceived to be beautiful by the soul, so that most of them are hating you, for their hearts and souls cannot tolerate you, and if there are those who can, yet there are not enough of them, and some must decide to do what is wise for their own people, that their people are not able to be as great as God, who sends rain on all the people of the Earth, for it is demanded that the fair shade be as great as God, to be tolerating and sustaining and indulging the dark shade, even though the dark shade is mostly hating them. Now the fair shade is not able to be God, or as great as Him, that they must concede they are not able, and understand, for they are having, some of them, to do what is right for only their own people, and yet can Shem not be indulged? For he does not have many who are hating because of the fairness of the shade, and he too is hated, as being with Japeth, that the two are considered together. Now if the dark shade are not hating themselves because of the shade of them, and yet they are not able to tolerate those of the fair shade and the medium shades, that are lighter shades, that Shem and Japeth cannot be tolerated, and are hated, and being among Shem and Japeth the dark shade forms rebellion in their heart and begins to rebel as if against politicians, and if they are being of little benefit among you, offering mostly problems in terms of vexation, grief, and crimes, than what great people were the fair shade, that they said, I will be as great as God, or close to it? But they are having to admit that they are only the people they are, even if still attempting to be righteous, and more righteous than they seem able to maintain, for they are not able to be as God in greatness to care for all the people of the Earth and to care for the all the animals, the weather even, the ground even, that the if the dark shade is remaining with them after they have left Egypt, as if Egyptians have followed with them, and are among them, who hate them, then the angel is not supporting the fair shade in this thing, which is foolishness, because he knows the fair shade, though great, is not great enough to do this thing, nor is the angel deceived much by the deceptions of the dark shade, who change the truth much into ignorance for their own sake. But the dark shade is needing to be where they will only be with their own shade, for they have come upon the fair shade, and it would have been better for them also if it had never been so.

Now the noble and good who is dark shade is knowing that the vast majority of his people are hating and resenting those of the fair shade, that if he is truly noble, he is understanding why it is right that it should be advised that the dark shade should not be remaining with the fair shade and the slightly darker shade, Shem. Now if there are good among the dark shade, they themselves will understand it is right that the dark shade should not be remaining with the fair shade or the slightly darker shade.

Now if there is a Roman, for Romans are mentally unwell, whether male or female, that they are even saying in their intentional behaviour, that is a concious effort against the truth they must understand, that some should be fearing them more so that a child should even fear their parent, that they are a mentally unwell Roman, for it requires mental unwellness, and it cannot be otherwise, for the thing injures oneself to become, and makes oneself insane to become, that a person is a Roman whether male or female, and they are even being a Roman to those of their own shade, their own ethnicity, that they say, others must support all I do, for I am one of the people, and yet they are a Roman, a mentally unwell, and the people are not made one of the people by being mentally unwell, or not mentally unwell, but mental unwellness, is, of course, irrelevant, for all people are crazy except for some large dragons, and things that deserve to die, not being crazy, for what is not crazy is usually what is deserving to die, and yet it is rare to be crazy, and mentally unwell, in the configuration of the Roman, that it is a mental unwellness not stated by Babel, and even if the Roman is one of the people, yet they have no greater priority among their own people, being Roman, or not, that their unwellness cease, for Romans have turned much against their own in their insanity, and the kingdoms of the Lord are not divided against each other in many things, that Romans not say, follow the devil with me. Now whether you are against anything, yet the Roman has no greater priority among their own people, and though you are saying, another people cannot be with our own, that they must depart in peace, yet there is the Lord, and even if it is so, you are still one of the Lord's people, and are fearing God, and remembering that all are created by the Lord, that others too are created by Him, and the Lord's justice and judgment is better, that you remember the Lord that your own people not be destroyed, that you fear God, and remember the Lord for the sake of your own people. For the Lord is Almighty, and He is able to destroy your own people, our people, or bless our people, and it is prudent to be his children, in obedience and with fear of Him and His will. Now is not the Roman saying in a way, let us go and worship idols, let us make the devil our lord? But they are not be strategic for their own people, for our people, that you remember the Lord and what is prudent for our own people, that the person remembering the Lord and obeying is as a person saving our people daily, and in the things they do, and the good they perform, and the person correcting our people to obey, guiding them to the strategic position that the war might be won. Now the person praying on behalf of our people, apologizing for us, is a person saving the people, pleading for our good. Now those who are doing good to others, will not the Lord be pleased? Now those being diplomatic on our behalf, to give good for good, these are those the people can praise, for they save the people, and those being wise or intelligent, people that are doing good for the people.

Now does not Harod know, some are in the center cross, on the center cross, some are on one side because of themselves, and others are on the other side. Now all three are crucified.

Now there are those who have been called INCEL even, and yet they are not the igno-slacks of cognitive impairment, as if dreaming ones who corrupt the flesh, but they are those for much purity, being those who are like priests who should be brought out to be among the people, those who are believing in decency for themselves and good things, to be like priests among the people, separate from the people to be as Levites, in a way, for they are conforming themselves to greater decency, and not in the same fashion as the neo-Nazis, but as other priests, who are themselves being an anchor for society, a thing holding society to decency, to be examples among the people of purity and what is good, some of them being celebits, and practising holy behaviour, abstaining from much, and good to be among you.
	Now others are not priests, and yet this priest-hood of people is understanding much good, and where there is injustice and things not in keeping with standards of the people, whether by Egypt or Salem, than these are hating these things, and calling them wicked, for there is no cause to be against such priests, for they have always be among the people, in America, also, that they are part of the people and must remain with the people. Now is it not good for them to learning more their practise, that they are able to teach wise things, and what is good, that they are able to offer correction and good to the people? But it is the angel's advice that they should be increasing their practise in knowing how to teach and how to offer guidance, remembering that not all are priests, for men of the people are not priests. Now if these teach in good things, and teach good, and none is compelled to learn from them, than for what reason will they be slandered, or are they slandered?

Now there are good among the dark shade, and are there not even more where there are not the fair shade and slightly darker shade, that the dark shade has rebelled against the Lord, rebelling against themselves, in a way, to rebel when there is no cause or reason, that they have seemed to rebel against what is only reality, doing what is wicked for no reason, except what their excuse might be.

Now the dark shade has driven away, have they not? For have they not driven many away because of jelousy, and guarded many because of jelousy, that the man of the fair shade is not able to have the woman who is dark shade, and the fair shade is driven away? But the deceptions of the dark shade have been numerous against the fair shade, especially, and Shem is included in it, that they have attacked many times and then claimed that the other had wronged them.

Now let the good of the dark shade still be good, for it is between people and the Lord, and the angel cannot change a thing, for is he is like a spy to some, yet he is in error with others, than what can the angel change? But what power does the angel use on Earth, and what violence is he bringing? But he gives wisdom, and it is not scripture of the Bible, but it is religion, and yet not placed in the Bible, to be scripture. Now the good among the dark shade, are they not better to be having their own people, that they might have their own priest-hood, their own nations, where they are keeping away the fair shade and the slightly darker shade, that they have their own cities, and their own soldiers and soldiers of cities, and their own things, that they are ready and able? But would my words not then be different at another time, if the dark shade had not been found under the tents of Japeth, who is his own people, with his own youngest and his many things, that they have their brothers from youngest to oldest, and they have their own world that is theirs. Now is it not good that the dark shade are having their own world, and their own people, and their own nation, that they are not living under the tents of Japeth, to be restricted in what they might accomplish for themselves as their own people? But the rich among them have no need to weep, for they are able to go any place they please, and would my words then not be different for them, if they were found with their own people? But does the angel prophecy the word of the Lord, that you would be concerned with what he has written, to be believing in injustice? But the angel is not prophesying the word of the Lord. Now the person who would be Noah, who would be of the fair shade, who is Egyption in their words and Ioim, that they speak dogmatically and with ignorance with what they do not know of the people, whether fair or dark shade, that they mock and scorn without knowledge of the people, being rebellious against what is not there, for keeping both the fair and the dark shade and the slightly darker shade in the keeping of Egypt, who are against things because of dogmatic belief in what they have learned, learning against knowledge of the people, rebelling against what is not, mocking and scorning in their rebellion and love, that they have compassion, love, mercy, and are not more good things found with them, and would they not be Noah? Now the people are not Noah, and those who have such love and compassion, rebelling against what is not, having none among the people higher than them, or above them, except by their belief, that they rebel against what is not, these few are not able to attain the Earth and maintain it, for if they say, our tents are able to do anything, yet the angel is saying, your tents, Japeth's tents, are not able to maintain, and have not ever been able, for the Lord is great and yet if a few would be Noah, yet the people are not Noah.

Now Japeth's people are not Japeth, and they have the youngest to the oldest, and Shem's people are not Shem, and they have the youngest to the oldest. Now Ham's people are not Ham and they have the youngest to the oldest. Now where Ham's people are attempting to become as Shem and Japeth, there is often trouble because of it, and undo offence for Ham's people, for it is not good for them to be striving, that others have not offended them, for mental unwellness has been found with many of them, and different things, as if different things of morality that are mental unwellness, and none attempts to intimidate any of Ham's people, but is not the cause the striving? But it is being good, by stategy, the angel believes, that Ham is able to have his own people, for it cannot be well if he is among Japeth and Shem, that he must have his own people and his own place geographically, likely not permitting Shem and Japeth much, if at all, and then can he not have his own priests? But will he not then have his own Jews, and all the things he is able to have? Now the rich cannot be effected by the transition, for they are rich, and is it not to be so, if anything is ever done? Now Ham must have his own soldiers and soldiers of cities, and all will be his own people and pety discord might be able to cease for each can tend to their own lives, keeping their eyes on their own world.

Now if the angel was ever given to the Christ, he is very happy for it, if there is ever curiousity. Now is it wrong if the angel prefers the Christ to any of the angels?

Now young Joshua and Solomon, these are both being good to me, and the many lights burn as if one. Now seven horses are good, and seven winds being beneficial for the task. Now seven layers seen are good, being seven layers of truth. Now different things are accomplished and possible by the two sons, that each is able in different things and is having different things to understand. Now allegiance with David is being seemly, that what is deserving to die, regardless, because of the wickedness, is understood. Now the kingdom of heaven is within you, the Christ has proclaimed, and why is there need to add anything to the scripture in terms of this?

1. Now there is projection of the soul, that projections are occuring.

2. Now there is fullfillment in Mala, that there are signs everywhere, and the Universe, from the small to the great, is filled up with signs.



3. Now there is the good actions of those who have less faith, eating herbs.

4. Now there are the inward sins that effect the outward and destiny, that the Universe is the Lord's.

5. Now there is the fullfillment of obediance that the Lord might repay with deeds, even miracles. Elijah.

6. Now there is the wrong committed against others that are effecting destiny, that the Universe is the Lord's.

7. Now there is Heaven and prayer, and the spirits working in the world, and the curses and the blessings working, and the change of seasons, the reversals at limits, and the reversals at the other limit, and the winds and the flames, and the shaking of the Earth, and the truth going out by people, and all the spirits happening, that Heaven is taking total action upon the Earth at all times.



Now after the eyes had been mentioned:

Now the priest, or a priest, of the Temple of Purity, in Babylon, and a man as the devil, his soul venom, his rage great within him, forbidding romantic things, and things of love, when they are not wrong and there is no adultry or wrong thing, or thing of causing hurt on purpose, that he is forbidding romantic things between the man and the woman, and the devil is strong with him, indeed his voice is venom and hate, and he is rebellious, being as the devil himself in his purity that is with the lake of fire, puritanical and evil, puritanical against what is good and right, and against righteousness, and against men and women. Now have not demons spoken with humility? But the devil is not speaking with any humility. Now where is the temple of the light from the lake of fire, the temple of purity, that shines with light? But is it not in Babylon? But inverted truth that much is the opposite, and the light of the lake of fire mingled with the darkness. Now the Christ has died and is king, living.

Now considering it, it had been the devil, and his name is Satan and the devil, and Lucifer is not his name, for there was an angel who had been called such but he is no more, and a different thing, existed that was called Satan and the devil. Now is he not many things, and not only found as a priest of Babylon?

Now let the soldiers of cities not betray the people if they should say, allow the priests of Babylon to commit fraud and evil. But they betray the people and become traitors in this. Now let the soldiers of cities not betray the people in this fashion, for the priest of Babylon are bias in their ways, and not liking to deal with those who are dangerous, that they betray their calling by which the meeting place has given them nothing, for by wisdom they have been given nothing, and yet with nothing they had done foolishly and wickedly, that they could not be trusted with nothing.

Now do not take the bad things of America, because they are having great money, because they are having many soldiers. But if they are spreading things that they might indulge yet if it is right for them, is it right for you? But they spread bad things that they themselves hate, that their people are not liking, so that the leaders of other places are taking these things in with the desire for peace and to co-operate, and yet their own people, America, hates some of these things and requires aid from their allies to set a good example, that they might be able to overcome what is not good. Now do not think that I hate America, for are they not your allies, many of you? Indeed they are people of belief, and the spirit of Noah is found with them, and yet they are not able to maintain what other places cannot maintain, that they too are not able to be as great as God, although they are powerful and wealthy, and many of them are believing in the Lord. Now they are indeed your great allies most of the time, and yet there are times when you must set a good example for them, and not them for you, that you being lesser in wealth and soldiers are still setting a good example for them, and for their good. Now they are in many ways desiring to be as Noah, to be having great tents with Japeth and even Shem, and yet their tents, in the angel's opinion, are not able to be maintained, and there are problems because of it, that Ham is disabled a little, and cannot be his own people, that it is good for him to be having his own people.
	Now this spirit of Noah was found amongst all people, that there were those who said, we will spread our tents over all the people, including Ham, and yet Ham is disabled because of it, and is not able to be his own people, that the spirit of Noah was found in every nation, and yet it disables Ham, for those with the spirit are not able to maintain what they sought to do, and it cripples Ham that they spread tents over all the people, including him, and Ham does not have the ability to know what disables him, neither do any of the people much know what disables him. Now those with the spirit of Noah, indeed they are being righteous, are they not, though they are not Noah, and not father of any, they are better and more righteous in what of the spirit they have, and yet it is in vain, because they speak, we will take care of these, but they themselves do not care for them, and their spirit is power for Japeth, mostly, that it praises Japeth, and yet Japeth is not able to be as great as God. Now it is righteous, this spirit, and compassionate, and yet it speaks in vain, for it would take a great planet, and yet it is not able to take even an area of a city, not even a room. Now looking then, there was indeed no Noah, for Noah is gone, and the whole Earth is populated by the three sons of Noah, that none is father to any of the sons, and none is Noah, but that there is a vain spirit, good-intentioned, and righteous, and yet it is not actually better than Japeth, because it is having nothing as its substance, that it is rather only Japeth or Shem, and not Noah, for Noah is gone, and the righteous spirit is a void spirit, pointless and having nothing as its substance. Now this spirit of justice and mercy, yet it is void and nothing, and yet is there not love with those who have it, that they are righteous among Shem or Japeth, that they are actually Shem or Japeth? Now they speak to the power and greatness of Japeth, most often, that their spirit says, yet he is almost as great as God, and yet it is not so, for Japeth is not able to do it. Now when this person speaks of such greatness, do not some of Japeth sigh, for they are not able to be as great as God.

Now is it not the message given by Ham?: Now looking out there is Japeth on his horse with jewals upon the reigns and upon the horse, and him garbed in fine robes and a septre with him, and there are horses in his procession and riders and soldiers and soldiers of cities and all the host of the power of Japeth, and palequins, great men, and the many glories of wealth, and Shem is likewise, with his people, and there is Ham, carrying a pale of water from the well, crippled by being among Shem and Japeth, given what he can attain, gaining what he can attain, and not able to attain what Shem and Japeth can attain.
	Now the angel has said, is it not good that Ham is able to have his own place on Earth, to have his own people, that he not be having crippled horses and sick calfs, that he not be harbouring Sodom and Egypt, but that he is able to have his soldiers of the cities to fight those criminals of his own people, that he will fight them? 

Now cannot Ham have his priests, and have his place on Earth where he is keeping out Japeth and Shem, where he is able to build up his cities, and to have his soldiers and soldiers of cities, and where he is able to offer the best of his things for sacrifice, the first-born of his flocks, the first-fruit of his things, that are healthy, that he is able to be working hard, to be diligent in his work and in his righteousness and good, where he will not be crippled by being among Shem and Japeth, where he will build a house, dig a well, plant a vineyard, and drink from his fruits and eat from his flocks, and keep the land under subjection, to build rivers around his people to keep out Shem and Japeth, that are at the rivers of nations, that separate nation from nation, that he will have his people and his councils, and his meeting places, and his priests, and he will be able to worship God, the Lord, with peace, to pursue good things, to attain good wealth, got by righteous gain? Now this I tell Shem and Japeth, that Ham is carrying a pale, having crippled horses and sick calf, and there are some rich among him, and yet not many are able to attain riches, and the good horses are few, and he is not able to have his own people. Now will you not aid him if he is attain a place, to depart from you two? Will you not make it possible for him to travel, for what is he having that he is able to do this? But the people will not give him room, many, and he will be slain by the sword if he departs, so that threat of all these hindrances keeps him, that he is not able to have his own place, to build up his own tribe, and the rich among him, those who attained, they will not be troubled, for they are having wealth. Now if he rebels wrong, that he rebels in a place it is not being reasonable, when he would rebel in another, yet is it not still all part of the same, that he is not having his own people? But he, too, is desiring these things.

Now Ham calls them slavers, and I am calling them unbelievers, for they are as if blind people, lacking understanding, as if people with cognitive impairments, accusing others of the dark shade as if blind to the truth, being luke-warm, as if a type of atheist, an unbeliever, but not atheists, blind to the truth that is all around them, their eyes utterly without sight, rebuking and being impious towards others of the dark shade, blind even to the angel, perhaps, and to other things, that they are as if ignorant to the degree of blindness, for what truth do they seem to perceive, if their lips and words are to be witness of them? Now these are like unbelievers, imprudent, who are also among all people, even among the Hebrew Jews, who say, there cannot be prophets or angels, and yet we still believe in God. Now is a believer not saying, it is possible, and I do not know if they are? But do the slavers among Ham really believe there is nothing crippling Ham?

Now is there another spirit? But who are you judge of mercy and justice, the head, the father, of equality and mercy, that you are seeming a different spirit entire, separate from the other spirit of Noah, that is void, that is only Japeth, without substance of performing or ability to perform, but you other spirit, the one that is as if a father, and yet not, why have you opposed Ham having his own people, and why have you opposed the naming of slavers, or unbelievers, as being blind? But you are as a father, and a father of equality and mercy, as if another spirit of Noah, supporting the slavers of Ham, not liking that Ham should have his own place and all the things he might be able to do, that by folly you say, build up the slavers, and the slavers will have support, while the people of Ham are crippled. Now are you indeed on the side of Ham, to truly be a father of equality and mercy, or are you not something else, a promoter of foolishness, wanting for evil to be for Ham that you are more supportive of the slavers? But the angel has called them, the slavers, unbelievers.

Now as for Shinto, I can offer no guidance, and how am I to know what they do? But if people not angels have joined the ranks of angels, to be part of the angels, that they even call angels and beings of heaven Kami than I do not know how it has occurred. Now have they discovered beings of heaven in people in ancient times, and found the spirits of angels working? Have they discovered angels among them?

Now what is Buddhism? But is it not a religion of the land of Babel that it is the spirituality of the land of Babel, and it is being large, exceedingly large, that it is spirituality that is having much and great abundance, that it mentions and consumes knowledge and is becoming exceedingly complex. Now what does it do? But is it adultery to practise it, if it is Babel? Now what god does it worship, if any? But it is added to Shinto, and it is not seeming to have any god to it, really, that I cannot say if it is adultery, or anything, but it is seeming indeed a thing of the land of Babel. Now I have not judged this thing right or wrong. Now Babylon I have hated and yet I have no judgment towards Buddhism. Now it being Babel, and a religion of the land of Babel, it is not having any gods, that it is secular, so that it is not seeming to be adultery, for it is not idolatry, or so it seems, and not the worship of any other god. Now the gesture of bowing, and not bowing to obey or worship is one thing, and bowing to obey and worship is another thing. Now may not I instruct you in this thing, that it being a religion of Babel, of the land of the Babel, you may remove anything from it as you please? But you may remove what you wish from it and it is secular and for knowledge, that Babel has sought to attain knowledge of many things and they have even believed things about Kami that they have sought to gain knowledge about them. Now the angel advises, do not be committing adultery against the Lord, for is it not iniquity? Now do not be having gods from this thing, but if you are regarding things that are the Lords, then you may know that God is the lord of these things that you regard.

Now the priest-hood of Salem, the neo-nazis, they are for the fair shade, that they have the one edged sword, in a way of speaking, that it be understood what the priest-hood is, and what people it is with. Now still, does not Shem benifit from the priest-hood, that his people are given peace because of it, for Japeth's people have becoming exceedingly large, and with many things, and much of it after the coming of the Christ, that by increments of hundred years he has been going to the corners of the Earth, and his people are large and having wealth as a people. Now the priest-hood, is it not giving peace to Shem's people, and what is desired? But is Japeth not saying, each should have their own world that is not defiled by another? Now Ham is not able to have his own world in the way that it could be, and Shem and Japeth are together, and Japeth is still having his own world, and Shem is still having his own world, and yet Ham is not able to have his own world as it could be. Now as for the father of equality and mercy, is he not spreading things that Japeth himself does not like to Shem, and to other place, wanting to spread those things of the father of equality and mercy that Japeth himself is not greatly proud of, that Japeth, too, is often desiring that Shem should maintain his culture and not be greatly defiled by the father of equality and mercy who is found with Japeth, who spreads things to other people that would destroy them as a culture and people. Now how will Japeth's people take pleasure in the things of Shem's people if it is so? But this father of equality and mercy is not Noah, and he is supporting a thing that is not of the neo-Nazis, and not of any, that he is having his own ideology that is very small among the people, and yet he is having great influence to spread and speak above the people, that the people are not as much heard and often it is the father of equality and mercy who is heard, and he is few, a very small proportion, and not being neo-Nazi, or anything, he is having his own agenda, that he is saying, spread the bad things and mingle with other people groups, and keep Ham here, and I support the slavers, as Ham calls them, and Japeth is almost as great as God, and able to spread his tents far over all people, that this father of equality has his own ideology and his own agenda, and his voice is heard greatly and yet he is very few, so that he cannot even be found if sought out.

Now not the dark shade, but Sodom and Egypt that is found among the dark shade: the orcs of Tolkein, for I will quote him, are having more good, honour, and sense of truth that you, for you have been like beasts from hell running low to the ground, on all fours, with sharp teeth and sharp claws, and thick, mangy fur, and eyes that are sick, that you have done like disgusting beasts that are sicophantic, that are hideous and grotesque and thirst for blood, that you are not people, as the dark shade are people, for you are not Ham, but are cruel and evil beasts that have been around Ham, that will not be tamed by the fear of God, for you rebel against truth and good, sicophantic against innocence, rebeling against the fear of God and what is right, blaspheming people, those innocent who are the people like angels, the men and the women, having wisdom and innocence, that you are sicophantic towards because of their innocence, because they are holy and please God. Now how will you kill that which the Lord favours and say, we will inherit in their place? But you reason and nihilistic animals, lacking understanding, believing you can trick God, for what is God in your eyes? But the Lord is Japeth to you, that you judge as high and perceive as high as Japeth, that there have been those who have looked to Japeth as an angel if they are upset by anything of an angel, that Japeth, and the father of equality and mercy, is one with the Lord to them, able to orchestrate completely with God, as if the son, being one with God, and the sick beasts of Sodom and Egypt, their eyes consider Japeth, and no higher, as if the Lord will be tricked by what they do. Now you are beasts at the feet of those like angels who are men and women, who have wisdom, that you attack as beasts and say, we will be people, and are people, that we will inherit, and do not know that you are much lower than you believe, for you are beasts to Ham, at the feet of Ham, and the young men are as sons and priests, are they not? The fathers are people, righteous, and in the image of God, that they wholly disagree with Sodom and Egypt, completely thinking in the opposite way, liking innocence, for it is harmless, and reasoning as fathers and kings, and righteous men, enduring and able to endure as Noah was able in days of violence upon the Earth, that they are more praised for it, for they are having integrity, keeping to morality, even among the troubles of the Earth, and these are not slavers, or unbelievers, as the angel calls it, though they are giving discipline and correcting their sons and daughters. Now what can the angel say to these men? But they are as kings, righteous, having integrity, and the angel cannot come between them and the Lord, for the angel is more considering the young among Ham, for he is not feeling he is able to approach the fathers of these people, because of their integrity and righteousness.

Now where the father of equality and justice is found, yet those of the dark shade who are with his leadership are not slavers, and they are people with integrity who are hating Sodom and Egypt, for they are more against it than those of the fair shade, and they are people of integrity and morality, and they are not slavers, for they are against evil and not saying the indication of the slaver, there is nothing crippling Ham. But they are people hating criminals and hating Sodom and Egypt, and they are all the people of integrity, wanting the opposite of what Sodom and Egypt wants, that it is good for them to not be relying upon the father of equality and mercy more than God, who is the Lord, for the father of equality and mercy, has not his spirit become enemy to the angel, and to Ham having his own kingdom, and place, his own world, for it is a struggle for possession and yet the angel does not desire possession, for Ham is the Lord's, that for the father of equality and mercy, there is a struggle for possession with the angel, in spirit, and the angel is not possessing those of the dark shade, or desiring possession, but is knowing that they are the Lord's. Now are these headstones, male or female, not being headstones, able to speak for Japeth, and for all of the fair shade? But do they not speak without permission, as if kings among the people in matters of mercy in the giving of a tent over all, that they say, Japeth's tent can be for all the Earth, that his tent will be spread over all the world, and it is offence to many people on Earth, who have their own religions and people, and their own ways, who are not desiring the tents to be spread. Now does not some of Japeth's people sigh, for the father of equality and mercy speaks and even acts much without the desire of the vast majority of Japeth's people. Now this headstone, this father, is not Noah, and is not kings, but is a person of Japeth's people.
	Now which of the dark shade is not liking this father of equality and mercy, that they would not have their people rely upon him, or even her, more than God? But should the dark shade be divided against each other because of this headstone? Now do they not require their own place upon Earth where they will keep out Japeth's people and Shem's people?

Now have I not used the bible called Aramaic in Plain English that you are given many translations, and many having blasphemy and changes that are seeming the lips of those who are rebellious, as the lips of the devil with the light of the lake of fire that burns as bright as the sun.

Now what is Egypt? But it has been understood. Now what is Assyria? Now will you not pray, the Lord's will be done? But when the Lord destroys something, and you do not know why, do you not pray, His will, because you do not know what He does? Now do you not pray with things of Mala? But the angel councils it is good for you to prey that the Lord save you, and that He lead your people to good lands. Now the angel is recommending that you read the book of Zechariah. Now if it is Egypt, or Egypt and Assyria as there is Sodom and Egypt than should there not be those who are able to give translation that is right? But should you not ever be discussing translations? 

Now you are a royal priest-hood, a chosen nation, you who are Christians, and are you not the people able to pray to the Lord, to pray with things of mala, as the Christ taught you to pray, not using clumbsy and foolish words of Babylon tongue, that says, road, and price, and babbles on clumsily with trivial things of Babylonian tongue, but the Christ has taught you to pray using things of Mala, and are you not then praying that spirits might be changed that are curses, or that blessings might go out, but are you not also praying, but not my will, but your will be done? Now you Christians are being able to prey to the Lord, a royal priest-hood, royal ones and a holy nation, and does not the angel have need of you? Now people of Heaven go into combat in ways, and the Christ came, even, to die, and Elijah has visited Earth twice, and came before the Christ, and are you not praying, Christians, that it might go well for the missions of those who are against difficulty and evil? Now does not the angel, even, have need of you as they carry out their missions? But money is filthy, hard, and it is like the things of Babylon, that you are warned, for when they prey of money in some ways, it is again like the Babylonian tongues, and yet is there not a right way? Now the angel has not considered it. But do your prophets not know the metephores, that which they see or use to prophecy, for should there not also be prophets among you, able to receive the metephores that others might write them down and know the prophecy? Now do not any dream dreams, that it might be so? Now are there not those who are able to tell you what the prophecies are? Now are there not those with great obediance, and great faith, and those with faith to be healed, that the Lord may do it? Now if the Lord may do it, then why not perform? Now see it, their faith, and will you not perform? 
	Now power is passing from one thing to another and by it a mountain is cast into the sea, and where does the power come from? But the mountain is saying, I should be moved. Now will you not perform? But as for you Christians, innocent as the gentle city birds, harmless as them, a royal priest-hood, will you not be considering even, what is wanting to be moved when you pray? Now does not Elijah, also, spit in your eyes to give you sight?

Now Joshua, I call the sun, and Solomon, I call the moon, and the Jews of the moon, are they not often beloved? Now are there other sons of oil? For there must be other things of oil. But the mourning star, is it not the star that is David's Lord, and the star itself is coming from David? Now is David then an angel that at a later time the mourning star comes from him? But let none be disturbed, for does not the Sufi Christian and the Sufi Muslim know if they are taking from Babel the history of the mourning star? Now David is not an angel, but is he not having faith, that he is faithful? Now has the Christ taken what He gives? Now mourning star, and David of peace, if I am not wrong, for if Nathan the prophet is read backwards, some things are found of greater peace, and the son of David, son of God, given the sight of the stone, fulfilling all that is required, defeating death in the flesh, for the Lord is God of the Universe, and the Christ was obedient, and did he not surpass Elijah in obedience? Now the Christ is my lord, for He is God's son, more obedient than me, and from Him I draw and He is the word. Now he is the son of God, and the twelve are Him, are they not? For twelve he chose who are Him and He is all of them. Now he has fulfilled all that all the prophets fulfilled, has he not? Fulfilling every prophet, and fulfilling all obedience. Now who has been greater than Elijah, and yet the man who comes after him is greater than him. Now later, the twelve are becoming parts of Him, that they are part of God's only son, and did they not, being people receiving from the Lord, have faults and they still sinned, and yet they were made parts of the body of Christ, of the son of God. 

Now the Jews of greater peace are not Salem people, for Salem people are not Jews, but is Solomon the Joshua of a different type? 

But Romans are sycophantic towards the Christ, and are they not mentally unwell? But not all Romans were so. Now the Christ is David and He is the king of Israel, of the Hebrew Jews, king of Salem's Jews, that His disciples are becoming parts of Him, and a holy nation is coming from him, a royal priest-hood, Him being the son of God, that the Jews were the Lord's people, and children, and the Christ being cast among them, that some of them turned upon him like rebels, wicked men, and false, religious people, that killed Him, and He rose again, and a royal priest-hood comes from Him, and He is the king of Jews, those who believe, who believe in God, that He is able to sit in the palace, at the centre of Jerusuleum, to have his gates to His palace, to rule from there as king, and the Christians his priest-hood, and a holy nation, that the Christians are not philistines or Romans, that the people not be offended, and Jews have said, it is not for me to be a priest, and yet the Christ is their king and He is able to sit in His palace in the city, Jeruseluem, that the Jews are His people, and the Christians His people, and his priests, and priests unto the Lord, that the Jews not Christians are out in the city, and the Christ is David of peace, having fulfilled all, that there is a priest-hood, that He is loving His people, the Hebrew Jews out in the city, and is able to come to them, even the king, come to them, for He loves them.

Now the Christians are harmless and innocent as the city birds, and are they not praying to the Lord?

Now as for the Christ ruling in the centre of Jerusalem, it is for men and women, that people might know, and understand. Now then the Christ was in Heaven, and is in Heaven.

Now to what measure was the seal of zorobabel opened by me that it should be written, if at all? But when is this seal to be opened, and by which angel, or by who?

Now the women of Jacob, like Jacob, with love and understanding, they were called stupid by the wicked who lacked understanding, and there were geniuses slandered from hate when they were good looking. Now both of these being like Jacob, were delt with this way by those as Esua, and large dragons of types were among men and women who had the dissatisfaction with men and women of large dragons, especially the men, although sometimes more the women. Now what has the angel claimed? But there are some large dragons who are evil and those that are not evil, and being men, is it not good to understand and to realize the plight of the large dragons, that you be patient and not be against them when there is no cause? Now these dragons, are they not often performing tasks that men cannot easily handle, unless they are soldiers, for some large dragons are doing that which is too much for men in an area, and men are not able to perform these things, and the large dragons are working very hard, and though some are attempting to confuse, yet men are having the well and the vineyard, and the luxury of leisure, and things of abundance, and blessing, having blessings given to Jacob, and therefore are you not being considerate in some ways of the large dragons and the things they are able to perform? Now let these things not be confused, that evil discord is sown and people fall into confusion and misunderstanding. Now is it not good that you do not bully a large dragon without cause, that to do so is a thing of confusion that has been sown by foolishness of some? But let people be at peace, and the angel does not believe that the presence of large dragons is any indication of Babylon. Now they have called large dragons, dinosaurs, but it is a clumsy word, and I detest it.

Now the father of equality and mercy, is he ever to be envying the angel? But the assumption is that it is not so. Now I do not feel comfortable using a sword on him even if it is a spiritual sword. But if he is mediator, and fair judge, and yet he is not with the angel as his people, than it should be known that the Lord  is the father, and He is fair judge of the angel, and the Christ is a fair judge of the angel, and why is there this fair judge who is mediator? But have I not desired to cast this person out, or merely remove them, that the majority might be heard in their voice? Now though righteous, you are as an enemy to me, father of equality and mercy, and though good, and with virtues, yet I seek to remove from what transpires, that your voice not be heard, for I desire the voice of the people, the majority, who are Japeth. Now the seal, have I opened it? But I am attaining what I want, that the seal of zorobabel, I use, and the translation of the Aramaic in Plain English, and yet they have trouble from translations, and they must have aid constantly in their reading, because they do not know ancient Hebrew, and neither does the angel. Now is this spirit not found with the giant lady, in Cessus and possibly with Cias? Not let not the father of equality and mercy turn against me, that he supports what he does not truly support. But then he is able to have his own opinion and truth, and yet I have considered him an enemy for me, even though he is righteous and good, for he supports what is not, and what cannot be, and from this spirit, tents are spread with the lesser things of Japeth's people, to other places, and not even the greater things, and the cultures of other places are destroyed by this. Now he is right and good, and yet will he not be against me? But I do not read any man's mind. Now where you do not allow him to save face, than you are as the one who killed Saul, and come to me for reward, for he is a righteous man. Now the angel drew a sword but did not use it, and if this father is finding that I have waited on the road for him, in spirit, than he is not attacked by the sword even if the sword is spiritual, and I have cut at the air in places close to him, and offer you peace, father of equality and mercy, that it is not the business of any small person, who is not a king, for let not a any person say, I will slay Saul and be rewarded by the angel. But the angel hates these. Now they are beneath you, who are beneath you, that you are their leader, and let no pety rebel rise up against you, because the angel has met you on the road, spiritually. For you have great power, and more power by Mala, that you have by Ria, that your voice has great power and influence over the many, by Mala, and you are able to lead, with your choice, regardless, in what way you wish to go. Now I have said, the people must ignore you, and I have also said, those beneath you are beneath you, and the people must respect you, as your people use the word respect. Now I am together with you, in your being king, that the people must respect you, for they cannot act against you in my name, the smaller ones with pety rebellion, but I lead you out by the hand, that the people I have said should not listen to you and you are a king, and inheriting your portion later, that I am also saying, but the people must honour you later, that it is only right and righteousness, for the smaller than you may not raise up their voice in rebellion against you, for you are a king, and I have viewed you as a king, and when they have ignored you, and your words, then you will be a king to be honoured, for then you will have what is yours again, and those who revile, yet are they not being rebellious? But I seek to lead you to a place in a house of good light and gold and beds of silk and many beautiful things that you have this until you are done being ignored. Now do I not say, but the house is yours, and it is a place of peace and good? Now if they will ignore you, still have good. Now let them be praising you with good deeds towards you in those days that they are ignoring you. Now let your grandchildren and your children be honouring you.

Now as for you Sodomites, who gang rape in spirit, and do not notice your own behaviour or perversity, who are not aware of what you are, that you do not feel shame, and as for you Sodomites, who are being perverts with your mouths against the pure, who is the Lord's, it is known that bonds are made with the wicked to the wicked, and those who are able to bond with the wicked, to have the wicked as their device and tool, are the same as the wicked who are their device, for the wicked tool cannot be for the good and the righteous. Now where there are false-flags, you will know because the good are wholly not able to bond with this thing, this wicked person, and the wicked cannot be fore them when you will know they cannot be for them. Now when they can be for them, you will know they are the wicked device of the wicked, that the bond is made, for the wicked did not come forth from them, but was wicked that they were able to bond. Now a false-flag is a conscious effort to be a false-flag, that the good might be attacked because of the wicked, and your hearts are able to discern this thing. Now when the good bond with the good, than it is as if another house that does not approve of you, and the angel is saying, then I will make peace with the person they defend, for they are acceptable to me, and let our houses at least not fight each other. Now where a wicked and perverse person is representing a house, and contending, the angel has said, this house is disgusting and I do not desire peace with it, unless I should find that this wicked is hating the house, and being a false-flag against it, that it is a conscious effort. Now when a good woman, who is with a man, is defending another man, is it not because this other man is ally to the house, that he is with the house of God even, that the house is with the house of God, so that she defends what is the Lord's, because the other man is, too, her people, because he is even of God's house. Now the angel has considered, better those houses that are the Lord's, than those houses that are the devil's. Now if you are so ambitious, you are able to find all those, cousins, and such, allies, people who are with one house or the other, and were not the prophets able? Now because fools and wicked will likely use it to be impious, than the angel says, let it be for the prophets to know, and no house is really that large, and it is voluntary, for there cannot be offence when it is right and there can only be offence at the smallest thing that is wrong, that you not be impious and even perverted, for let it be for the prophets to understand.

Now with the peace of the father of equality and mercy, that his peace is bringing it, for does it not come from him, like a seal opened, that a Temple is built because of him in Salem, and it is a Tabernacle, that his peace and mercy is bringing it, that the fairness of him is a seal to it for me, that the Tabernacle is gold and marble, and having pillars, and it is containing things for memorial, that prayers are not offered there, and nor is the place being worshipped, but it is a reminder of the Lord on land, a place of good light and peace and much gold, and beauty of fairness and mercy and a place for feasting outside the court-yard in the cities around, that the Lord might be remembered. Now the Tabernacle is not memorial to the father of equality and mercy, and yet it is built because of him, that he is a king, and the people ignore him. 

Now a murderous of the fair shade is saying in their heart, they should die if they are saying a thing that offends me in religion, that they are being hard and with iniquity of death against those of religion, but those who are fair are with justice.

Now the planet's gravity attracts both asteroids and sunlight, that because of its great gravity it attracts the good and the bad. Now a beautiful planet, is it not having great gravity? Now it is good to yielding to the very beautiful and more you do for them, and not less, that the Lord has made them great in a thing, and because of this greatness, you are able to do more for them.

Now what is a very beautiful person? But they are a mighty man, who are going out and returning, and they are the fewer among the people.

The justice of the evil, is without understanding and wisdom, and they descend below wisdom and understanding.

Now the insolent and evil, being a mighty man, is empty of morality, and there is pride and anger without morality, that he is almost as if pure evil. Now he is as an incredibly angry woman who meddles in what is not her business, and the insolence of judgment in him is condemnation of all that is good. Now he is an enemy of David, and of the Lord, and all those things within the Lord's house, that he has the spirit of the devil, given ignorance by him, that the Lord's house is all offenders to him, and he is believing in war, that they are a hated enemy to him. Now is there not another, a Harod, and an insolent, who is made condemning all righteousness and good, and even condemning beauty and success, and all virtues, that he is made strong in his condemnation, in his utter lack of fear of God, that he is confident to condemn what is good and right, all things that are right, as if it was possible to have such a lack of understanding. For he is has trained himself in the way of Harod, becoming a slave, a god, who is confident to condemn and judge as wicked and wrong, all that is good and right, even beauty. Now like a pervert he makes himself as if a father to what he is slave to, that he condemns the Lord, and what right things of the Lord are in a person, as if all the wickedness of the devil was good and all the righteousness of God was wicked. Now there is one who judges as person to be wicked if they should rebuke them in any way, that it is immediate, and the judgment and condemnation is as if righteousness and good, and those of God's house, have no claim to them, for they belong to the devil, that they seem as if very insolent, and yet not so, for they say in this way, the devil is their lord and they do not answer to God, or to those of the Lord's people. Now it is not as when a person is judged wrongly that they judge the one who judges, for this is not wrong, but it is as when a person says, yet morality is the Lord's and I am the devil's, that I do not accept the Lord's people. Now who is it that blasphemes by their ignorance and arrogance towards demons? But they say, I will bully a demon, and it is blasphemy, for it is not acceptable, that the demons are given their place and they are the enemy.

Now some large dragons, who care for the sick, are tax collectors, and others who care for the sick are men, that they are resented a little if they are as Jacob, and many are the large dragons that care for the sick, who are doing things that turns the stomach of many, who are using intelligence and much diligence in their steady work, working to such an extent and in such ways, that men cannot often do it, and yet the large dragons are able. Now do they not throw away rebuke, with destain? But men cannot handle the work of what they do, or perform it, for they are not abiding much vexation, but are diligent and intelligent in these tasks. Now these are not like the despicable Babylonian Priests, who are even being impious at times to the dragons, who are having more power and strength than them, and greater intelligence. For there are the Babylonian Priests among them, who are calling people insane in some fashion, and they are telling them, dip yourself in the pools of Babylon ten times, that you might be well, and they are saying, eat the root, that you might improve. Now the Babylonian Priests are not as the large dragons, and the men and women who also do the work of the large dragons.

Now can a man do the work of the large dragons as well as a large dragon? But the large dragons are of intelligence, able to endure long hours of work, able to maintain their abilities under pressure, studying in the ancient and new of their sciences and craft, skilled the arts of their hands, that men who would work among them are less frequent, despite what might have been believed, for the angel has considered, is not a large dragon more to be trusted in this thing? But there are men who have gone through the academy of them, have been alongside them, have struggled and worked diligently, pursuing the same excellence of the large dragons. Now the house of the large dragons, and their emergence, has been between men and women, and the large dragons for thousands of years, and there are large dragons who are royal, having descended from lines of large dragons who have done excellence in their science and craft. Now these large dragons have not betrayed men and women to join with Babylon, and yet if any ever had, Babylon must be delt with, and if any ever do, Babylon must be delt with. Now the angel advises, do not let Babylon yeild influence over the large dragons, to shut their lips on any truth that is good to be given to men and women, as allies would give to each other.

Now if leaders are tax collectors, that they are resenting the people, and hating them, that they say, let us punish the people by punishing those who have the least amount of tax collectors, and we will support with blindness those who have more tax collectors, than is it not a sorrowful time, and a very bad time, that those of the meeting place, the representatives, are tax collectors in their hearts, that they seek to punish the people?

Now there were the two types of the children of angels, the orphanage, that the angel saw, and one was doing what is called 'ghost hunting' that they were practising the pursuit of finding demons and many things, things of the supernatural, that they were not Babel, even if Babel had allowed them only a little in places, and is it still not better that they do not join with Babel, where they will be put out, like a flame that is put out? Now the other types of children of angels were what is good computer hackers, as opposed to what I call anti-hackers, who betray what a good computer hacker is. Now whether there will be more types, or are more types, the angel does not know. Now as for the one type, though it is blasphemy to bully a demon, for they are the enemy and have their place as the enemy, the children of angels, if they are so, are knowing what is acceptable in their righteousness and their good. Now I do not know if they have ever truly spoken with any real demons, or not, or what is true and what is not, and yet they are children of angels, and I have not studied what they know, for do not some deceive in these things? Now I do not want to discourage them, and there are those people like angels, in the likeness of angels, who have wisdom, being wise, who are wise in the fashion of an angel, and they too are with you sometimes? Now do you know, children of angels, that Babylon is not like men and women, but it is much closer to being willing to do the full will of the devil, and the priest of Babylon have likely persecuted many prophets, precious ones, who prophesied in times past, and were able to see things, such as it is in the Old Testament, that others could not, that for these things they were persecuted by the priests of Babylon, and yet Babylon is not our people, any people, for it is a foreign thing, of hell, that comes up and grows, that it is of the devil that it is foreign. Now indeed it has no right to persecute the people who are prophets, and who are spiritual, that it should persecute on behalf of the devil within our borders, or rivers, as it is said.

Now three things I will mention: a devil's child, a child, and an angel's child, that though the wicked say, it is a child, they do not lie, for by their standard it is, for it is a devil's child, likely a slave, and when men and woman say, it is a child, it is a child of good people, and yet still a child, and another, like the child of the good, only slightly different, sensitive, very good, innocent, an angel's child, for it is not what I is called the children of the angels, but it is a different thing, that I name, that there are adult women sometimes being one of the three, and the second two are acceptable and the first is likely a slave.

Now the violent of the second shelf of Orgoth burn with violence and wrath, some of them, and they have no consideration for morality, understanding, and wisdom, that they are slaves for the quarry. Now those who are without reason in all their goals, those with the cognitive impairment, enemies of Jacob, wicked and many being as if demons who are rebellious against God, for their reason is being against the Lord, these are the servant of the two higher slaves, and the highest is the gardening slave, or the common slave, that is hearing no rebuke and is impious and brutal. Now of the common slaves, are there not two types? But there is the less brutal and the more brutal of the common slaves. Now the more brutal is in the field, and the less brutal is in the garden.

Now if a slave of Orgoth's servant is being a demon, that they are transferred from the devil being their lord, to a person who pleases God, that the person who pleases God, is being a god to the slave who is a demon, because they did what a demon does, that the person is a god to them, for they bothered a person in a way that is too low for a slave, making themselves as if nothing, merely a spirit that is a demon, that in such a case that the demon is then returned to the devil that the devil has ownership of it again, yet does the sceptre still not reside within the spirit of the one who is god to it? Now if it does not still reside, then it is so, and if it was there, and remains, then it is so. Now let not slaves, who are gods, be using this thing in an impious way.

Now the caterpillar is upon the branch, and then it transforms into a butterfly.

Now the narrow river rushes fast and the wide river slow.

Now the ocean is pulled by the passing of the moon.

Now the moon gives little light and yet it has light, that it is lit with light.

Now a plant is rare, and yet it belongs, and the plant is the prize of some.

Now when a thing comes to get good, there is a large dragon that devours.

Now what is in one form, is becoming more free after a time.

Now what is compressed, having what is wide.

Now great things are moved a little, and soon return.

Now the believer receives and gives truth, from what has more truth, and it shines in the sky.

Now to find a rare thing is the prize of some.

Now what comes for what is peace and good, it is a large dragon, and not mammal, that will prey upon it there. Now does it come before a time of morality, when there was chaos and much death?

Now for travel the wide river is used, for it is peaceful, for something very compressed is not being peaceful enough for travel.

Now people build houses close to the wide river, and yet when there is much rain, the river might overflow. Now does it not water lands, that things may grow, that crops may be grown? Now the wide river is generous that when it is watered with rain it overflows and gives water for growing. Now the water is peace and good, that by the overflow of peace and good the land might be planted in and things might be grown. Now also, the fast river is overflowing in places when it rains, and yet does it much give water to land that things might be grown? Now hasty and fast moving is the narrow river and being destructive in speed when it is using rain, and the river that is slow, it is generous and staying, and it provides roads that are peaceful and it allows commerce, that commerce might commence, and people are building along it with prudence, for it will overflow, that they not build in its way. Now it is even predictable, and some are reliable to overflow in seasons, that people are able to profit from it. Now what nation is this, like the Nile? Or what man is this like him? Now does not the wide river move fast in places? But in the right time and place, it is moving fast, and in the right time and place it is moving slow. Now where the land is requiring speed, there is speed, and where the land is giving room for peace, there it is peaceful.


Now give nothing good or bad to the parasite, that it might die, for good and bad it can use. Now another must remove a parasite where there is one to remove it, if it will be removed.

Now the one not leaving when there is war approaching, is as the one waiting for the forest fire that is approaching.

Now where a people are diseased, a person must keep themselves more clean, with more effort, and take other precautions if they can, that there will be more effort. Now those able to remove themselves are blessed.

Now if a disease of Sodom and Gomorrah spreads, it is a violent plague, that is very severe, and the mighty are required to destroy it with war.

Now those who will not slay a dragon that is evil for the people, are those who love the dragon more than the people, but those who care for the people, who are attacked by it, and care for the people, these are for slaying an evil dragon. Now the priests of Babylon as a whole, make up a large dragon.

Now what gathers from what is beautiful is having honey that is sweet. Now there is that which gathers from the beautiful and is more aggressive to protect the honey. Now there are men who come to take the honey if they can find it and take it. Now whether theft or not, will you not be weary of these who will be stung a little but will take the honey? Now bears, too, are able to take it.

Now those who give their son or daughter over to the large dragons of Babylon, are they not saying, yet the priests deceived me, and is the Lord deceived by what they say, that they knew it not?

Now to something great, the moon pulls, and who is destroyed by the tide, for it gives warning. But soon the Ocean is returned to what it is. Now war is not so, and Joshua, is not so, for what he moves and causes to die, and causes to dry up, is dispersing nations. 

Now remove the diseased branch, and the tree will live. Now a man who speaks petting to a cat before his wife, does he not risk making trouble for the cat? Now does not a woman love the cat, for why will you make trouble for the cat and for your wife?

Now will you not know, that you are people, and will you not be better than the animals? But if the animals are signs, even warnings, that people may learn, then are you, being a man or woman, not being superior to animals? Now is not a man, who is a person, desiring a woman, who is a person, and a woman, who is a person, desiring a man, who is a person? But what is not better than animals, is it not likely meant for slavery, or meant for the wilderness? Now if a city is over-run with animals, yet who will survive? But Noah, Job, and Daniel, these three will be able to save themselves. Now if the bees drive any out, yet is it not better that a person is being called, if they can be called, to remove the place where there is honey, that the bees might not be there? Now bees gather diligently and make their stock-pile of honey and when it is removed, yet they will go again to another place, to make honey. Now is it not wiser for bees to not be bothering people? Now many want the honey, but not all will be stung by bees to attain honey, and gratitude is towards the one who removes a nest that is having bees that drive people away and bother them. Now what type of man is able to remove a nest? Now it is not a thing for all males or all women, that they are not being much capable of doing it. Now if you have a nest, know that there are many men capable of removing the nest if bees are stinging.

Now the person able to dig a well, that they are able to keep receiving from it, and it is sure, this is a good thing, but the wicked poisons a well, that people might die. Now will you not, if you can, place a lock upon the well that it may not be poisoned, and it is sealed until you come to use it? Now how is a well poisoned? But it is depending on the well. But things are secretly placed into the well, to be as water and rocks of the well, and yet they are clumps of poison that those who live by the well might die and all the flocks that live by the well, and those who live are accused of having poisoned it. Now if you are having a person responsible for the well, than are they not responsible to watch that it is not poisoned, and to place a seal upon the well when it is not being used?

Now an Eagle takes wisdom to a high place, and even gives it to its young, that it takes the serpent after having spotted it.

Now the buying and selling of horses has not been out of season for the time of the angel, and those who buy them to be sold, are they not still haggling?

Now what does a very capable man know how to do? But he knows how to find a well and dig it, he knows how to remove a nest of bees, he can build a house, he can plant a field, and this is a very capable man, for there are many things that he can do. Now this is a man of business and he is a capable man who can do all these things and many more things, for he has learned to do many things, how to build a fence, how to mend it, how to care for animals, how to harvest. Now there are those not for these things, that they are not people of business, for is this man not a person of business?

Now do not men joke with each other, and wrestle in their joking at times, not physically, and so do the animals wrestle with their own. Now there were not many dinosaurs, or large dragons, in groups, and yet I realized, though some of these are easy to handle, yet let not some of them be a group with their own, for by spirit, they will bring down a mastodon, and I have considered, let the pieces be saved, that were found after the short storm, the pieces of the internal of a person, having been ripped in pieces by spiritual weapons and the perversities and wickedness of Sodom and Egypt, and let the pieces be placed as a memorial, weather branches of a tree, or some other thing that is not grotesque, not for them to be worshipped, but as reminded of the spiritual, and what the Lord cares about, and the right standard to remember, that the people not be foolish and ignorant. Now let them consider it at the meeting place, not as religion, but as a thing of all people, whether atheist or religious. Now let Salem be a place that is against bullying, as the general thing, and respects the dignity of others, that this is being, in my opinion, a wise people, who are considerate of these things. Now the angel is against abuse, and this is very much what he is against, and also the angel is saying, I will be Lawrence of Arabia against Babylon, and if I may utterly destroy it, yet it will likely be more because of the obedience and work of the saints, those of Solomon, and those of Joshua, and those of Daniel, the concealed worker, innocent that the Lions would not touch him, and yet having slain a dragon. Now is Solomon not a different type of Joshua, and yet he is a preacher of wisdom, and yet when he acts, the Ocean moves a little, and none is hurt by it, and later that day the Ocean has returned? But with Joshua it is not so, for he is displacing nations, causing to grow and causing to die, causing to faint, and causing to live well.

Now by the vision, the Eagle comes from the mind of Christ, and the angel says because of the vision, yet the mind of Christ is with those who do not say they believe in Him, and those who say they do. Now in the vision, the angel put forth a representative, a young woman, to be as grand-daughter to the Christ, to sit beside him while he sat by the campfire. Now prior to this Michael, the angel, in the vision, opened a scroll, and I only saw there was a large E at the top and he opened it longer and longer, and then threw the scroll and it rolled outwards towards the planet, and not towards Earth. Now I do not know what the large E meant at the top of the scroll.

Now are there not many different angels with many different callings? Now do not the children of angels do as what some angels would do, and yet they do things using technology. Now Lucifer, the angel, is not the type for going out with the mighty men of Earth to battle. Now cruel people are using money as an excuse to be impious towards those of Jacob, Hebrew or not, to be wicked towards those who are righteous, to be Harrods, and to act unlawfully, without any authority, against those who are greater than them and of more worth. Now there is no cause for it in money, and indeed it is unreasonable, but they use money as an excuse to do wickedness and all the sycophantic wickedness they desired to do because of the cosmic struggle. Now have there not been mighty who have said they are on the side of the angels? But why would they believe they are not if they are doing what is right, with wisdom and understanding? Now the children of angels have been given the story of guy fox, which is fictional, and yet why would an angel ever torture a person who was good? Now I do not want good people to be afraid. Now why would any person on the side of the angels, to partner with the angels prior to their transfer to heaven, torture a person who was good? But I do not wish for fear. Now David has written, who is the Lord to the children of angels? Now the angel does not know.

Now what do the children of angels have? But they have the Tor network, linux, and many things, and they have handles, aliases, and do they not know there are some soldiers of cities who are allowing great wickedness in some places because they are angry with the people and angry about some things, not even knowing what is occurring? Now what is the cause of the simplicity? For they are making simple what is not, and are they not saying, yet we, the soldiers of cities, are a different people, and these we have prejudice against, when it is not simple. Now do not the wicked exploit the simplicity of their prejudice to attack the righteous? But why must things be so simple for the soldiers of cities, that they are, some of them, making very simple what is not? Now rather, let them join the angels, and the children of angels, for the wicked have the defences of their fortresses and the soldiers of cities are kept out, that they cannot enter, for there is conversation, and they are forbidden, and yet their wickedness is being attacked when revenge is coming upon them. Now do not the soldiers of cities belong with the kingdoms of the Lord? Now does not David, the military, also belong on the side of the angels and the children of angels? But why should the wicked cause the righteous to fight each other? For the wicked murder, and do much wickedness, and they say, if there will be vengeance, let us continue to conceal our deeds that the righteous might fight the righteous and we will be safe. Now this has been their way for a long time, that they conceal their wickedness that the righteous might fight the righteous.

Now all people are crazy and yet there are the wicked who hate religion and the spiritual. Now for those who see what others cannot see, and yet they are not impaired, only the impairment of function is an evil, that to see what others cannot see is a thing of no offence, and a thing of religion. Now only impairments are the evil, in that a person is impaired as the elderly who have much dementia are impaired, and what is not this, is not an evil by which a person can be called mentally ill. Now has not Babylon desired to profit with its medicines, to call all sick in some way that they might sold the medicines, or forced to take the medicines that they might sell them and profit? Now there is no stigma against anything of religion, that those who blaspheme, being sycophantic, might say, I am normal. But though the wicked attempt to expand their empires, expanding Babylon, still the righteous are to know the truth, and it is not good that the righteous should fight against the righteous.

Now when the righteous disappear who are believing in justice, are not the perverts losing their self-control? Now what is restrained sometimes, is hedged in by the cliffs, that when the cliffs are gone, the poisonous waters break free. 

Now let not the righteous fight the righteous, that those who resist wickedness when no aid can be attained, as if cut off in the wilderness, are not attacked when the righteous arrive with arms. For a city will be cut in many pieces and each a wilderness cut off from civilization, because none will come to their aid. Now when the righteous arrive, they are told many prepared lies, and more lies beyond that, and even more, and there is no end to the lies, that the righteous who arrive might aid the wicked. Now they cripple them, and say, yet we do not resist wickedness anymore, as they did in older times, that the wickedness might continue and spread. Now though the Christians are not resisting evil, yet not all are following this way, and others, too, have the Lord.

Now do not call the one who cries out in justice, for the cause of justice, only wrong, that you not be partial in your judgments.

Now do not fight on behalf of the wicked, to have loyalty to them, with blind loyalty, if you are the nation's soldiers, or soldiers of cities, but the people are the nation and David has chosen that the people are king.

Now then was not this child of an angel, that I called a different thing, where there was also the acceptable, child of good people, a child of men, also one of the children of the angels, also in the orphanage? But they too are children of angels, that the child, who is being a child, who is an child of angels, is also then having the woman of this who is a daughter of angels. Now still, why is her mentor a good and wise woman, and yet the daughter of the mentor is a child of angels? But the daughters of good people, daughters of men, sought to steal her husband, as I saw, and yet was she not the wife? Now she is not even the same, is it not so, as a daughter of Sara. Now if an angel comes down, yet does it matter? But if he turns himself in a Salem person, or even a Salem Jew, does it matter? But if he says, I will be a caterpillar, from a butterfly and then a butterfly again, what does it matter? But there are daughters for whom there is no necessity to come down, and they may be with an angel, may they not? Now with the innocence of angels, there are the children of angels, and the children of men are having a thicker substance, and are a little more unruly, actually, much more, and yet mighty men, are they not angels? Yet though they are not, will you be in any way surprised if the angels are liking to be around them?

Now an atheist who is harrassing and bothering, being a sicophant towards religion, though Christians might turn the other cheek, yet not all are Christians who believe in the Lord. Now a person's religion is who they are, and when none is harassing and bothering, what reason is there for offence? But base men, rebellious and wicked in heart, are being rebellious towards religion, and if they are also a sycophant towards religion, are they not being very profane and blasphemous? Now it is not right to blaspheme a pure and holy person, and yet violent mouths have brought forth wickedness. Now there is even that which is not better than an animal, but is as an unborn, and the Bible does not write sperm, that a profane term might not be used, and yet I do not intend it in a profane way, but to indicate the meaning and to show the considerations made. Now a song leader of Israel, flirting with blasphemy, has given a song to Israel in which he has mentioned, I said you are gods, which is slaves, and what they had done I do not know. Now the Christ does not blaspheme in saying, I am the son of God, when he has fulfilled, by deeds and words, the Christ, and is there any wickedness in it, by which it would be blasphemy if even He had not said it? Now do not people know what is honourable, that they know what is blasphemous and what is not? But two sons of Noah walked with their backs turned. Now those who are sycophants towards religion, indeed, they are sycophantic, and sometimes bullying, and what does this have to do with atheism? But it is not atheism that is the thing, but it is the sycophant and the bully, that there are base men who have been rebellious against other men, and they are not even kings or queens.

Now a man who is a mother to son is one who exasperates his children, and yet what son is wanting much attention from their father, for their father is revered. Now yet there is another son who spends much time with their father, and yet the father is not as a mother to him, to exasperate him.

Now there are many types of scholars. That some promote a thing they perceive to be their own house, that they identify with one group, even if they are not the thing, and yet some have their personal biases, and others are as kings and queens, who desire to be fair. Now those who have lost hope in a thing, have taken to lashing out against men, and yet others seek to conceal a matter, and some write for money, and there are many different ways to the scholars, and yet they are a priest-hood of a type, some as kings in a priest-hood, having a kingship among the priest-hood that goes out to the people as what it is of priests, that they are a king of a nation, and yet as a priest, that others too are kings who are not so of the priest-hood, for the people are king in Salem, and yet are there not the scholar priests, or the authors, as I intend it, and some of these authors are coming close to being kings, and others as princes, and others are servants to the people, or becoming as servants, and some for money, and some representing one group, as a kingly priest of them, and another representing another group, that the authors, some of them, are priest-kings of groups. Now there are many types of writers, and they are priests who write articles, even, that they are not rightly rebuked by outsiders, and those inside the priest-hood, they are not soon rebuking each other in an evil way, when they are together with each other, that outsiders do not rightly rebuke the author or the writers of articles that are read by the people, and those who write what is not read by the people, but is within Babel, or enclosed, these are not priests. But all those who write what is read by the public, even those who write what is for performance of actors, these are priests, in that they are considered neutral in what they do, for it is the manner of priests they are, that they are having a holy separation in the manner they are viewed in terms of their words, that it is not right to be rebuking them, but their words are for the public, that none is right to harass them, for they are priests. Now the people have not needed to be told, for they speak of free speech when they mention this thing, and yet the people are already giving these special considerations, that the priest-hood of the authors has not been misunderstood, and those who have breached the boundaries have known they commit wickedness.

Now I am liking Jude the most, considering things the other disciples did not consider, and yet Peter, too, considered angels and Paul I have not believed is a disciple, or that he is meant to be in the scripture, for he contradicts the other scriptures. Now a Jew of Jews is not a Pharisee, and does the Lord suddenly hate wisdom? But according to words, there is not virtues even in words that seem to indicate an apostle, for he speaks of love, and yet seems to have the lack of understanding of a slave, and he says the circumcision is advantageous in every way, of heart, and it is depending upon what the circumcision is considered, for there is that which is advantageous in every way, and yet it is very common, that morality has it, that Christians have it, if it is of heart, that integrity has it, that the morality of the Jews has it as well, if it is of heart, as Christians do not perform the things of the law, but are free. Now do not other people groups, all the world, have it, that it is of people, men and women, and as for Esua, is he not having a thing of blood in his chest, that he is a hard man in many ways, not caring for things of the spiritual, valuing material things, and being materialistic, and disregarding spiritual things, even to a degree of being wicked in this way. Now why will any put money before the spiritual? Now pay no attention to the foolish imaginings of activists when they portray things not true by actors or by words, for they create things meant to be dark based on their own torment that they do not know if it is true or not, and they make things base and wicked on purpose, and they say, let me conceal something for the better, that the truth is not known. Now a wise woman says in her heart, I am a man, and she respects her husband and obeys the Lord, that she has understanding. 

Now evidence of wickedness already done was what I call the clanit principle where it was believed by some that the less physically attractive were justified in sabotaging and committing wickedness against the more attractive, a cosmic belief in fairness, where a person not able to excel and surpass without wickedness believed that the Lord, who is God, did not know better, and that it was right for them to commit wickedness against the more physically attractive, and even against the more spiritually attractive. Now they impair the kingdoms of the Lord in this way, that the nations are crippled and much is lost, and they rob men and women, and commit wickedness that is exceedingly low. Now do they not bond with the devil in this way? But the clanit principle is a wickedness of the devil. Now as for the very physically attractive who are priests, even, why will you allow the wicked to bully in your name, if you are one of the priests? But if any has not accomplished, what do you allow? But let them give you voice to silence, that it might go well with you.

Now if the lowest slaves, who are double slaves, for they are servants of the two higher types of slaves, and some are even becoming such that a person of the kingdoms of the Lord is their god, by the wickedness they commit in becoming a demon to do what only a demon does in their lowness and perversity, for they surpass all decency and privacy, to be a demon, physically, that if these lowest slaves who will judge severely only what cannot be judged and say to what is very wrong, it is not wrong, that they are consistent and complete in this way, being supportive of all that is very wrong and condemning greatly things that cannot be judged, that they are having the cognitive impairment, the devil as their lord, that they condemn what is right, that they judge the good when they are innocent, to condemn them, being the lowest slaves, who are still able to be comprehended, that they are not as molten lava in the lake of fire, but there is stuff of thickness and sturdiness in them, and substance, that they are not fast liquid, these being the lowest slaves still higher than the lake of fire, then it is known that these are only better that those who are slaying for spiritual joy, and drinking the wine of blood-shed for joy, that those who enter the lake of fire are being destroyed by it, and is it not being written, your heart is where your treasure is? Now the heroine gives what is desired, and yet afterwards it takes a person's life, and so too is the way of adultery, in truth, that by steady time it brings death unto death, but there is that which dies and unto life and greater, that there is that which is destroyed, and yet unto greater. Now those who drink slander and blood-shed as wine, these are in the lake of fire, and it is below comprehension for men, and men cannot perceive it. Now woman of land, and not of hell, not slaves, these are having rule over the lake of fire, that though those in the lake of fire will not hear the words or rebuke, or any of the judgment of men, for their domain does not extend to the lake of fire, woman have rule over the lake of fire. Now those of Orgoth's lowest son, many of them are close to the line of comprehension which is the floor of the lowest shelf of the mountain of Orgoth, and they are not hearing much the rebuke of men on land, or their judgment if they are upon the floor of the shelf. Now men cannot perceive below the line of comprehension and yet women are able. Now men and women are the same height, and the woman's domain extends to the lake of fire. Now hell is not obeying, that those who have a right to judge the lower shelf are not judging what is lower than them, but are they not coming up onto land to wage war for hell?

Now the men are more unruly and of a thicker substance, and mostly it is the thicker substance of them, and the people of hell, these are far more unruly in what they do, for they do wickedness. Now the children of angels, yet they are many things, and some not interested in the things of the children of angels like 'ghost-hunting' and good computer hacking, but they are interested in other things. Now the children of men, these are Salem Jews and Hebrew Jews, and all the Jews of the Earth, being people, men and women, and the Christ was a man and human. Now the angels, how can they be with Babylon? But it cannot be. Now these three, these are children of men, those of the devil, those men and woman, and the children of angels. Now Muslims are because of the obedience of the angels.

Now the Lord, God, will He not indeed be dwelling in Jerusalem?

Now the wise men saw the sign in the sky, the star, and followed it, understanding that it was a sign. Now are there not other wise men and prophets, those who study the scripture even, and find that which is there? Now they are comparable to the children of angels in this thing, are they not? But they are wise men, and holy, considered a type of Jew, and are these Jews of Jews? But these are not pharisees. Now these are not scientists, for the world is not having them, and the world has Daniel, those who are Daniel and he is not Babylonian. Now are there not others who have been watching? Now do any of them take the stone that has the seven eyes?

Now a person is mentally unwell by what they say and what they do and not by what they see or hear.

Now do not the priests of Babylon know that when a person is functioning, it is not the sign of what they say, that is religious, of what they have seen and heard, for they do not say it is religion, that is being what indicates they are mentally unwell? But if they are functioning otherwise, they are well, and what they speak of is religion, although they do not say it is religion. Now what is impossible, yet it is religion, and those who can function are well, that it is the dementia, as if of an elderly, and these things that are indicating that a person is mentally unwell, and if they are a danger in these things to others, than this is being unwell. Now you have come in covertly while the nations were unaware, and yet when the day comes, and the light rises in the sky, indeed it is seen that the intruder is there, and they have been persecuting religion and it is even against science, for their science was sufficient. Now they have come into the house and abused many in the house, those who trusted in the house and the keepers of the house. Now a person comes and says, I am an official and it is acceptable, and be doing my work, and yet the work is wicked, but a wage is paid and promises are made. Now Daniel has not betrayed the people. Now the light has risen to afternoon and the wicked were revealed doing their wickedness and the righteous were revealed honouring the Lord.

Now do well with a little and let the Lord give you the next stage if He gives it to you. 

Now as for you, who are kings, having your house, do not commit the sin of David if you are a rich man, but by wisdom it is avoided. Now does not Sodom and Egypt, even, delight in such a concept as the sin of David, that they are loving wickedness? Now those who love this wickedness, are they not loving many types of wickedness, that they are even for nihilism, as the animals, and preferring instead Sodom and Egypt, that they are not with the holy people? Now do you not separate those who are not the people, that you are knowing that they are at a lower place, those who are Sodom and Egypt, who are loving many types of wickedness? Now these cannot compete, and they are in a lower world from you. Now a wise woman is building her house, the house that she is with, and there are indeed some houses that are better than others. Now the wicked house of Sodom and Egypt, yet it does not even belong among the people. Now the devil's spirit has said, a man will not have his portion, but the Lord does not know better, and I say what his portion is. Now this is the devil's spirit, and it comes as a priest of Babylon, even of the house of purity in Babylon, the Temple in Babylon. Now if the devil's spirit is also against the wicked, is it not because the wicked are better than the one the devil's spirit is found in? Now the devil is not simple that he cannot keep up appearances, and base and rebellious men keep up appearances. Now do not have the complaints of another person, for there is truth removed, by which their complaint would be right. But you are a different thing, if it is so, and what you have is different, that you not be falling into foolishness, for others, too, are understanding. Now where there is not betrayal, there is not betrayal, and it is known by you what betrayal is. Now by what you have, you have your portion and there is reward, and how are you to know what your reward will be? But if one is then the pillar of integrity, and the other not, and yet is there not love, that the pillar of integrity is receiving their reward from the Lord. Now wicked servants are coming and bullying and persuading others to go astray, for wisdom is required. Now the greater enlightenment is not with Egypt. Now wicked are saying, cast yourself down, and do not keep to understanding and wisdom, that they are being against the Lord. Now does not understanding give integrity, that it waits for reward, and is there not a time to speak and a time to be patient?

Now if any grows up poor that they look to the wealthy of money as the guide and temple, as lords of right and wrong, that they are justified by service to them, or condemned by error towards them,  that they are being of small sight, and lack of understanding, to commit wickedness against the Lord's people, and great ones, because they are rather acknowledging the wealthy of money as their lords, and they are acknowledging only, by choice, the wealthy of money who who Babylonian, that they are having an aversion to the wealthy of the Lord, who are also given much money, those who place morality before money, than these are the unintelligent servants of Babylon, that they respect Babylon, and praise it with respect, and the truth, the Lord's kingdoms, they disrespect, and they attack great ones, for they say with a stubborn mind, some, that there is not other thing but Babylon, and those of the Lord's are not even to be seen, for they are stubborn to be blind. Now some are combining this with the clanit principle and they are saying, the Lord is invalid, and yet the hairs on their head are numbered by Him, and they are created by God, and the whole of the Universe, including the Earth, belongs to the Lord, and yet for them the Lord is invalid, and the truth is invalid, and they prefer the purities of Babylon, that are poisoned waters, that greater things that them are invalid, that they are Harod's by their religions, that are built in houses of lies, and even their minds have been created by the Lord, with which they attack the Lord's kingdoms. Now those of Babylon, are they not respecting and praising Babylon, and the truth is invalid to them, and those of the Lord, they are for all truth, and all the Earth, and all the Universe and its truth. Now even spread your armies to trample the sins of their ancestors, if it is required, for if Babylon has gained opportunity by their errors, indeed it is good. Now slaves with much money have been as pillars supporting the houses of large houses of Babylon, and wise women, the pillars of the great houses of the Lord's kingdoms.

Now the priest with the devil's spirit was angry with the wise woman who were pillars supporting the great houses of the Lord's kingdoms and supporting even the Lord's house, and he was blaspheming by saying, it is disrespect against God that they are pillars supporting these houses, for I came to destroy the houses, and they disrespect me, and I am a priest of the Lord, that it is against God. Now this was a man with the devil's spirit, a priest of the devil, hating the righteous men, enemies of the righteous and the Lord, claiming that these wise women were disrespectful. Now the devil was filled with great wrath at times because of them, and wrath towards the righteous, because of the pillars, that he sought to bully the pillars when the pillars had done no wrong, and they were pure pillars of different stone. Now the priest of the Temple of Purity that is Babylonian, is he not having the devil's spirit? But indeed, this is as the devil, and a part of him, and the devil comes in other places to attack and destroy the houses of the Lord's kingdoms. Now base men, rebellious, and wicked, have they not been murderous towards the good and the righteous in the houses of the Lord's? But if the Lord's people must be defending themselves, let not the father of equality and mercy be heard saying that they are evil when he freely permits Babylon and all the wicked to advance.

Now in Ijeshil I give the statue of Lawrence of Arabia, to be Lawrence of Salem and let it be beside the statue of Alexander the Great.

Now murder is not the just world hypothesis, and it is foolishness and ignorance to believe that success in wealth and other things are evidence of divine blessing and that there are not wicked who intentionally bankrupt and sabotage the good and righteous. Now the just-world hypothesis is a fallacy, and rightly called so, for even Babel can study the foolishness of the belief. Now sight is with a wise woman of a honourable husband, an honourable house, and yet the woman in error is condemned and it is right condemnation that she hates, otherwise there would be misunderstanding. Now a pillar of the houses of the kingdoms of the Lord, is she not greeting prophets, even Elijah, and Samuel, and she will be more righteous and good than her husband. Now if Babylon is covertly bankrupting those who are most pleasing the Lord, that they are hating integrity and what prevents them and causes them trouble in their wickedness, then these are become refugees of the cold war and in their own nation. Now many of these were ending up in the city where the angel was because it was a city where many came who had problems. Now those who are wandering the Earth because they are not compatible with the world, that they are being cast out repeatedly, yet they are compatible with some, for these are not base or wicked, and if they are righteous and rebellious, that it is for what is good, than these are not base men or women, but are sons and daughters of the Lord.

Now the woman who believes adultery for her is not wrong, that she intends to stay with her husband, she is already not the wife of her husband, and her husband is with another.

Now I looked, and there was no adultery for those who were wives were proven so, that those were never wives, having their time wasted, and even wasting time a little. Now those who had been robbed and were condemned were hopeful for something for them, that the water would touch their tongue while they dwelt in condemnation, and these were with the woman who was never the wife. Now they dwelt with lack of understanding, having to lack understanding, and yet there is one gathering them up to repentance, that they might attain heaven, that their condemnation might not remain.

Now by much understanding, is the truth known when there is lies? But is the truth not known in another place? Now when a marriage never was, is there not more suspicion? But who is the woman who cannot find her true love? Now this is her husband. Now let not a woman who is mentor separate and come between a woman and her true love and her true love and her, by her being a mentor to the woman. But if it is not being good, then let it end peacefully, if it can. Now parents must abandon their sons, and they take grand-children.

Now a false-physic assumes evil, but those with understanding and wisdom are having a sense of decency.

Now those going between people, doing good, protecting, doing right, as if charity, being upright, encouraging and supportive, what are these that do so? But these would be a very holy people.

Now if the slaves of the lowest shelf of Orgoth, Orgoth's servant, are marching on Earth, participating in the cold war to be soldiers of the devil, than there is Joab and all who will not allow any to come back to the right side once they have carried out war for the devil's side, for it is not keeping with truth, and is cracked rocks, and corruption of self, that reality is not kept. Now the Christ is offering personal repentance, and yet people do not say, you have done nothing, that you are able to be a nihilistic fool. But if you have fought with a side, you are keeping with it, and if you are straying from reality, you are as a small bird that leaves its nest where there are cats, and all manner of predators. Now if you are having integrity, that you would repent, and make things right with those you have wronged, that you might be joining the right side again, than you must do so in this way, that you not be wicked in your insolence and an offence. Now if the lowest shelf is for being soldiers of the devil, are not the wicked exploiting it when the time comes? But do you expect the wicked to support you on that day? Now those with the cognitive impairments, who are as men of war, brutal soldiers, taking revenge for your righteousness, that they are righteous in the devil's manner, having the righteousness of violence and war with a wicked heart, then do you not know that the cold war is being waged? Now when you are not among the righteous, yourself, are they not more bold, those of the devil's, to move in and attack you? Now they are sicophants, sodomites, and they have strength, many of them, the strength of insolence and the violence of war, that they have the strength of the middle shelf of Orgoth, the strength and false righteousness of the slaves of the second shelf. Now this is far from the righteousness of Jacob and Abraham. Now do you not know that Ahab was a slave of this type, a hard man of war? Now he has the transgression of sulphur and brimstone, of hard rocks that come up from the Earth from eruptions of volcanoes, transgressing and with righteousness of violence, brutal as large stones sliding against each other. Now the tiger is not so, and David is having innocence.

Now the one who chose the right road, the jealous turned on him and said, be also having my money in addition to what the Lord has given to you, and his soul did this by his heart that he attacked the one who had chosen the right road. Now the wicked has piled up for the righteous and a slave for the heir.

Now if the wicked have covered the land in darkness, and slaves have covered the land in evil, that by the smaller portion of them the land is given dark clouds with poison rain, that the crops are dying, and the good things growing cannot be sold, and the livestock is becoming sick and dying, that abundance cannot be had, and there are even many wandering the Earth, because of the dying, then do you not know that injustice of the wicked, who are fewer, are causing the whole of the tree to die? Now is it not also so when there has been a catastrophe, when there has been an eruption of a volcano and the clouds bring acidic rain? Now those who poison the clouds, the poisoning must be dealt with at the source.

Now if the wicked poison the river, than the wicked must be removed. Now if the wicked poison the clouds, the wicked must be removed. Now if priests are the moon, to cause the tide, than there is no blame for the moon, for those who write words are as the moon to the Ocean, and soon the Ocean is returned to where it was. Now those who plant and take, they are right to be leaving a portion and right to not be destroying entirely, for there is wisdom with Moses. Now the animals cannot be hunted to extinction unless the forest should collapse, and remove those doing justice and the forest will collapse. Now a dying forest is cleansed by fire, being war, for a forest fire is war, because the forest is corrupt, and a revolution is a forest fire, for when the forest is corrupt and dying, a new beginning must be made. Now do you not deal with the predator that preys upon the sheep? Now where you have horses do you not deal with the wolves that prey upon them? But those things in the good Shepard's house are not to be preyed upon by the predators of the forest, who are justice to the forest. Now a good Shepard does not abandon the sheep, but he chases away the wolves with a sling, with a spear, that the sheep are safe. Now that which is in the good Shepard's keeping are not those things that are fair game for the predators. Now do you not give up the thing to be slain that has gored a person, because it has gored? Now you who are shepherds are knowing what is right and what is wrong. Now a sheep does not gore any, and the horses, yet is it not your error that has caused it? Now are there not many things in the house of the Lord? Now the house is large, and has a palace, a great complex, and the Earth is the Lord's. Now the angel is saying, the sheep know His voice, who is the Lord's son, who shepherds the sheep.

Now if the INCEL has gone so far, and the clanit principle has been so visciously used and consistently, and the wicked have murdered because of jealousy and sabotaged because of jealousy, that it is a matter of the security and prosperity of a nation, that it is crippled greatly, hindered, and even destroyed, than is not a protector required, one wise and able to discern, to be stationed at every work-place whether an office or place of outdoor work, where the good looking will be protected, and not driven out by those who are worse than them, for those who would drive out the good looking, these are actually the less intelligent and beneficial in what they produce, for a person would have to be to do such a thing, that the good looking will be protected from the wickedness of the worse, who would drive them out when they have done no wrong. Now it is so society will not be destroyed, for there is no religion that rules the nation which gives all favouritism, and success to those who are not as good-looking, to those foolish and unintelligent enough to drive out the good-looking because they are good-looking, as if society was made only for the success of the foolish and wicked, that the worse would claim right to all, and even exceeding their wickedness that they call fairness, where they are believing that no portion will be for the good-looking, for they are as Esua, as Cain, and are the worse who are angry with God, that there are those actually angry with God, who attack people who please God because of their anger with the Lord and His judgments. Now those who are righteous, who are good, who are the good-looking who are given favour by the Lord, who are even sentimental and kind, those of the Lord's house, and others who are beautiful by the inner beauty, who are good and righteous, who are of the Lord's house, who are not for driving out the good looking due to envy and jealousy, will not these have a protector in society, who is in the places of business, even in schools, to ensure that the wicked are not being unjust towards the Lord's people, that they are not also driving them out? Now will a moral people not do what is beneficial for their nation, that their nation might succeed and do well? Now why will you allow the wicked to cripple the nation, and poison it with wickedness, that the crops will not grow and the vineyard will die?

Now all the great things are not against each other, that the truly, very intelligent are not against the beautiful, and those of great inner beauty are also the beautiful and are not against the good-looking. Now those that fall before the great are those lacking, that they bow to the great with calamity of attack, for they are lacking. Now are not all supported by the protector for the good-looking, for where this is addressed the other things are safe and free.

What has Zion? But it has the very intelligent, that they are mighty, and the beautiful, that are as mighty men, and the kind and righteous, beautiful people, and does it not also have the children of angels, both the paranormalists and the computer hackers? Now does it not have the twelve tribes of Israel? Does it not also have Judau? Does it not have the priests, all of the priests? Does it not have all the wisdom that is to be found with the Christ? Now is Zion not then against those of Babylon, that the sons and daughters of Zion are against the sons and daughters of Babylon? Now is it not then the seal of zorobabel by which you might look to the land and the prophecy, if it is for you, Salem, or Canada, or some thing that is found with you and also in other nations, that another nation is found? Now are not atheists part of the people in the way they are, and also the religious? Now are not some also following Buddhism, that type that is secular? Now by the type I write about there is no gods to it to be worshipped and there are things that are regarded. Now atheists consider Babel much.

Now those zealots who are only jealous murderers who do not often follow through, but are attacking as a person who does not follow through with murder, these are not part of the people. Now they cripple a nation and hinder it, and they block streams and cause fields to die and vineyards to die, and their hatred is with blindness, that they do not consider beyond themselves, for their hearts are small children, not having learned, not considering the Lord and what He gives to them, that they do not trust the Lord, and they do not know how to deal with problems well, for they are lacking wisdom, and having no more wisdom than a very small child. Now they are selfish and blind, having not attained the consideration of the Lord and His rewards, having not become men, having fallen far from being kings, that these are not fearing God and trusting Him. Now they are very small children of the devil, wicked, and having grown into murder and the things of not following through with murder, that they are murderers.

Now kings have come early for those who have rid themselves of jealousy by righteousness. Now wise kings and righteous kings have come, and they are blessed, for snow is around them on a very hot day, and the tender trees are about them. Now by inner beauty, people are made beautiful, that their beauty is with them. Now heed not the discord making of a prostitute and her bullying, for she seeks to separate friend from friend, allies from allies, and by the devil and iniquity. Now fear the Lord, kings, that you have your integrity. Now though there are many strong, yet true kings are not many. Now there are more fathers than kings, and there are more princes than kings, and there are brave and wise, and yet these, too, are not true kings. Now a righteous king has cool sand around him, and the palm trees grow about him, and the tanned structures are about him.

Now those who spend up their money on pleasures will not be rich in money, for discipline in this way is required. Now where there is a wide river that is predictable there is the portion to the surest thing and seven or eight portions to the surest thing because some will fail, but the odds are more greatly in a person's favour. Now there is the even more sure things that may be found and the right portions are known, that they are more sure. Now even the Nile is not guaranteed to overflow that the crops may be watered, and when the wide river is no longer predictable, or it is gone, then the people of business are moving on. Now when the clouds are not poisoned, some will plant a field, and yet the Lord is required to bring rain upon the good and the evil alike. Now the sun rises and passes away and it is seen again, for the Earth turns and orbits it, that the sun is a very sure thing, and yet even this is meddled with, and the rain is not as sure, that brings rain, that more is required than sunlight, for too much sunlight scorches the Earth, and too much rain washes away the land. Now there is a child of the moon like a house-cat, and there is a lion that is child of the sun. Now is not rain required for both of them? Now where there is not rain even the lava that is cool at night will not have the Earth growing upon it, neither the plants or trees or the things that are good, and then is it not good to be keeping Earth over the rock? Now where the conditions are right, then life will return, and the plants and the trees, and the Earth will again cover the rocks, and the lava that is not very hot will cool at night. Now matter cannot be created or destroyed, and the rock made to lava will cool again. Now that which is very hot is causing lava where rocks cool that they are even molten again. Now this is like a star, or like a planet that is like a star.

Now a false lion is only having a heart to maul and kill the innocent, for what is a crippled animal? Yet is it not the wicked? Now those who view the crippled as so, are they not have a perception of animals? Now let it be adjusted. Now that which is injured that is an animal is wicked, and yet a person who is injured is not so, for they are wicked by morality. Now that which preys upon the strongest, the leader, is not a thing of the animals, for even the animals are better than to do this, for there is the fear of God with them. But that which attacks the leader as if a soldier is a wicked soldier, and this is not even the way of an assassin. Now an assassin seeks to kill and yet not to attack, as if attacking a peer, a soldier, and that which does so is impious in a wicked way, that even the animals are better than this, for those who do so are Sodom.

Now who is also watching in addition to their watching, that they watch for the book of Zechariah, for to what measure the seal of zorobabel has been opened is not known by me. Now is even the Aramaic in Plain English sufficient that you are not required to translate? 

Now the genius, the mighty, are they not also being given freedom by the protector for the beautiful, for they are not against the beautiful, for they have their great portion, that is never-ending, and they are secure. Now will not the beautiful say, when there is no evil, they are indeed as intelligent as their higher praise would be? But these are great, for their great intelligence is making them as a mighty man among the people, and the beautiful are as a mighty man, and those who are pleasing God, not being wicked towards the beautiful, these are those who tales have been written about.

Now what strong is able to flee a nation to dwell in another nation for the cause of righteousness for his people? But these are not as average people who can do so.

Now if the configuration of society holds for only the wicked to change that it might go more towards their wickedness, that society might only become more wicked, because it is held firm against good and held in place for the wicked, this is indeed a run-a-way climate, where the climate is steadily changing towards hell.

A sodomite is sicophantic, that his heart desires to dessecrate, and to rape that which is beautiful and unleash hatred, for in matters of truth, he is nihilistic, and he claims right to revenge when another is all that he claims to be, and yet has been victorious against him. For Abel has defeated Cain, and Jacob has defeated Esua, and him who offended has said, yet I have been hated without reason, and yet the other narrowly escaped his jealousy, envy, and injustice. Now there are those who have said, be ugly in some fashion, that you sin against God, so that I will not be envious of you, and be sinning yet again, for my jealousy is kindled again, and then, be dying and forsaking God, for my jealousy is still kindled, that the Lord will have no others. Now him who has said this has also said, I am hated for no reason, and cruel justice that is not just has been brought against me for no reason. Now the father of equality and mercy, being jealous, too, of Abel, and of Jacob, or anyone who pleases God, is taking the side of Abel's enemy and is saying, yet Cain is the victim of you, and has a right to great revenge. Now how is that Jacob is having Esua as a servant, if Esua has been a jealous one? But it is because of the victory of righteousness. Now Jacob was smooth, a farmer, and Esua a hunter, and wicked, and hairy, and unconcerned with truly following those things of God. But the sons of Noah are not truly siblings, and Shem and Japeth are being together, and is it not only the polytheists, who are usually of Shem, who are being obnoxious and insolent towards all? But integrity is lacking with the polytheists, and what is not too far for them? Now I failed to go far enough in what is right and good and much was endanger of many dying and being abused because I did not go far enough. Now the hunters, the criminals of the dark shade, and the hunters of other shades, who are not regarding spiritual things, not truly soldiers, going out into the forest to kill, and not with that wisdom and spirituality of the Enoch, that many of Japeth are coming closer to, for they too are admiring nature, but those who are following after the way of Cain, to speak wickedness of Abel, who are giving up their blessing for money and things of lesser worth, who are promoting things of Esua, and things of Cain, these, too, are a great problem for those places in which they reside. Now in the way of Cain, they are loving to speak wickedness of Abel, and in the way of Esua, boasting about manhood, and yet there was Japeth's people, and they were in the way of Abel and Jacob, and they were staying in one place and farming, and they were not going out and roaming. Now Esua and Cain have said, yet I am victim of Abel and Jacob, and yet there are those in much iniquity, and insolence with iniquity, and there were Harrods among them, and they promoted wickedness. Now the religion in the Bible, whether the Old Testiment or the New Testiment, was not regarded by them, that their morality was more in keeping with nihilism and wickedness, and the slaves of the lowest shelf of Orgoth, had they not modelled themselves after them in many ways, and had they not supported them where they were against beauty and goodness? Now there were things in common, where those of the lowest shelf of Orgoth were pleased with them.

Now it is still true, that the woman who is not for her own people, that she is more so than her husband, most often, is not even a daughter of Eve.

Now if any women of the dark shade have renounced their own shade, their own people, being a thing that is only possible for women of the dark shade, for these women who do so are Jews, being Jewish women among the dark shade, that they are saying, we bond to Japeth or Shem, that we will not tolerate Ham any longer, and it is so, that these are uplifting themselves in uplifting Shem or Japeth, than you, who are Japeth's people, or Shem's people, cannot undo the Lord and what He does. Now these are women of virtuous behaviour, who are with integrity and the goodness.

Now who are these women who are above, with integrity and wisdom, that they are exceedingly worthy? But what daughters of Sara are these, who are excelling the daughters? Now they are excelling in wisdom, keeping with understanding, a priest-hood of women who are holy. Now which is their house? But they are with good houses, with good clans, and they are made royal by their excelling and their integrity which they have with understanding. Now to what will I compare them? But doves have been graced with light and the garments of them, these women, are not defiled. Now how is it not all of them have statues? But they are priestesses of a royal house, able to go into the palace and dwell there. Now peace, daughters of Earth, until it has been proven which of the women, some of them beautiful, did not belong, for what is the cause of them not belonging? But some have not come by the only true and right road, and they have contended with those they should not have contended with, if they were indeed belonging. Now though strength they have and virtues, yet they have had ambition that is not love, for they have desired other than love.

Now the children of men, these are a type of atheist that are even in ways like the children of angels. 

Now him more righteous, who condemns because of jealousy, that he goes too far, this is like the father of equity and mercy. 

Now a king does not go to war when the other side is far more powerful, but there is a fool who is much giving evil for good.

Now because Ham is made a servant of Shem and Japeth, it is not good for Ham to be remaining with Shem and Japeth, for there is no possibility of there ever being peace.

Now I cannot Shepard the dark shade, and there are other angels who are the dark shade, for my domain is only Earth in the fashion is which it is given and the things of all people, and that which is going further is not extending to the dark shade. Now let the dark shade be shepherded by the angels who are right to Shepard them, for I do not know, and I cannot even give advice to another angel.

Now the way of Cain condemns and judges what is not right to condemn and judge, and the priest-hood of Christians, who are innocent as doves, should not be judged when they are of the innocence, for it is the way of Cain, that seeks to kill the innocent. Now David was a soldier, and did not go in the way of Cain to bring a rock over the head of another who was innocent.

Now much of the dark shade, it is Esua, a hunter, and there is also Sodom and Egypt within them, and Esua is building his house by hunting and the pursuit of hunting, and he is a man, more so than Jacob, or so it is claimed and seen to be in many ways.

Now the angel gives religion, being wisdom of truth, for the religion is the truth, and the Universe is the Lord's.

Now I have considered the father of equality and mercy to be an enemy, because he destroys all the work of the Lord upon the Earth as he goes out from his base to gobble up and destroy and convert to luke-warm foolishness, guiding people away from their inheritance with the Lord, and doing so in a military-like fashion.

Why does Esua believe romance of a man is war against him, that Esua goes to war quickly with a brutal side of his spear, and the sharp of it, when a man has not even been interested in any woman that is with him? But Esua is a hunter, and his hunter groups are believing everything is a challenge of war, when those of Jacob or only minding their own business and carrying out what cannot be war, but is things not of war or money. Now what is Esua, but war and money?

Now what claims personality type to be an ethnicity is either bullying another people who have a type, as if to say, we are them, and you have none, or they are misunderstanding that their people too can have such things, for they do.

Now a slave has been attracted to his master, that his soul does it without his knowing, and a servant has descended in attack against what is a great thing before him.

Now Esua has said, in the mouth of man or woman, who is of Esua, it is not manly enough, when it is indeed enough a man.


Now an INCEL is made of incompetent people, who are incompetent to manage themselves and their own lives and what occurs, that is part of the test, being unable to meet the standard of a decent man or woman. Now because of the incompetence they commit much wickedness.
