Ocean Probability Theory would give the concept, for it is my theory, that given a nation in a phobic state of a thing, given enough time as being incompatible with the nation, the nation will eventually, sooner or later, reject the person who is not compatible with the nation. This can be the case with a person who is too intelligent, or too exceptional to be in a nation, if the nation is not able to indulge an exceptional person, much like Eretz Chadrack can be due to the monarchy of England, but not the presence of the Emperor, Nye Baker, for the monarchy of England causes the ultimate ejection, over unperceived or perceived influence, of exceptional people from the nation. For the spiritual is ultimately what brings about actions in Ria on Earth. Now some are able to perceive it and others are not.

Now when men on Earth are being men, there will be peace on Earth.

Now all people are treated better, who have a cause, when there is not the meddling of what I call Gandalf, for they say, it gets better, and in most places it is becoming worse, at least among the people, and yet not always worse from government. Therefore a government should be petitioned, and the people not meddled with most of the time, that things become better in government and remain good with the people, for the people are generally apathetic unless they are bothered. Now activism directed towards the people, it brings about a worse thing for those it is on the behalf of, for activism should not often be directed against the people. Now there is what is nature, which is most, and what is nurture, and nature tends to be most of what people are.

Now them who burn incense to a Kami Lord, an angel, they do so when that Kami Lord is not on Earth, and the woman while on Earth, if it pleases her, if she is a wife of that angel.

Now without activism, men are being men, or more likely to be, which is all the activists were striving for with most of them.

Now have there not been those who said, we will wipe out a nation in layers, and we will do so from within that nation? For they will come like criminals, vigilantes, serial killers, makers of mistakes, unintelligent people who cause mayhem, and they will turn all against one group, and then another group, and they will carry out genocide in layers, of a nation, for first it will be the beautiful they attack, and next the intelligent, and they will defeat a nation and the nation will fall into ruin?

Now if people are being dung, then label them organized if there is a sewage crises, that the soldiers might be able to deal with them, for no other cause could be more worthy, for it is not human to be continuing to be a piece of dung, for people are not dung.

Now the INCEL has a severe cognitive and understanding impairment and their severe disability has become a terrorist cause for them.

Now people do not leave dung on land but they place it underground, for they bury it.

Not all can be a terrorist cause and not all can be called an aid to what is not even a valid cause for terrorists, for some things can have no value to war or advancing in a war and these things are only being a useless and dangerous piece of dung, not aiding any person or group.

During the 1900s technological enlightenment went up extremely and wisdom enlightenment stumbled into primitive levels and stumbling blocks below common sense and sentience and they claimed progress in these areas and in truth the people only went in the opposite direction of what was claimed so that they were rude and degrading to women more than any time in history and barbaric more than any people in almost everything, including war with the exception of the genocides.

Now arrogance makes statements that no level of intelligence should make, for they make statements where it is offensive by politeness to make statements, although people use statements frequently as part of every language. Now people preach where they are preaching, and they preach and make statements to others, and yet it is the arrogant statement that is carrying within it what is offensive to others, for it might be called a rude statement to another, or an impolite and offensive statement, and the cause of it is arrogance. Now then some might call it also, a bad habit, for such it is.

Now the hope of the wicked, it is against righteousness, and it makes good the wicked, for it longs selfishly into eternity from a thing that is not made right, for the wicked have wronged and not considered the wrong they have committed, for the woman who hates men has wronged women much, and she hopes against her robbery of women, for she has made herself servant and slave to women with her wrongs, and her hope is in what has not admitted wrong. Now the hope of the wicked man, it is the hope of a blind man, and all this hope is against what is good, and what is right, and what is reasonable, for it hopes against reason and what is good. Now hope against what must be accepted as a thing of nature, it becomes a person who is odious, who is dung.
